
Building the smart campus, step by step Universities can make the connected campus a reality by assessing their capabilities and needs before setting strategies to modernize the value chain. Read more
Instagram
Imagine a business that can act with human insight
Featured articles GENERATIVE AI How gen AI will change business as we know it Explore how the game-changing technology will orchestrate tasks, spur new ideas, sharpen decision making and unify the workplace. Read more SUSTAINABILITY & RESILIENCE Sustainability in business: Beyond ‘green,’ to deeply green Read more GENERATIVE AI Becoming ‘data ready’ for gen AI Read more The latest How modern data platforms can unlock hyper-personalization 11.29.2023 Read more How manufacturers can balance the sustainability equation 11.27.2023 Read more CRISPR gene editing has arrived. Here’s what that means 11.23.2023 Read more See all
The views and opinions expressed on this page are those of Cognizant and do not necessarily reflect the view and policies of Economist Impact. Data presented is from an Economist Impact executive survey, supported by Cognizant, conducted in 2022.
Retail Say goodbye to the checkout line
Hungary
Insights Insights Blog
Evaluate your business’s future-readiness When everything feels like a priority, it’s hard to know where to focus. Evaluate your organization’s future-readiness with The Future-Ready Business Benchmark tool developed by Economist Impact and supported by Cognizant. Contact us THE FUTURE-READY BUSINESS BENCHMARK Can you beat your competition to the future? Play video
May 12, 2021 Qlik Names Cognizant NA Systems Integrator of the Year Read more
Case studies HEALTHCARE AI drives smarter decisions and faster problem solving Learn more LIFE SCIENCES Digital tech reduces processing time by 90% and manual effort by 50% Learn more INSURANCE Cloud-based automation processes claims 600x faster with 8x ROI Learn more
Cognizant Delivery Centers See how Cognizant engineers your modern business. OUR COMPANY AND CULTURE About us WHERE TO FIND US Our Centers
Take advantage of our unique combination of bold thinking and practical know-how powered by Cognizant consulting services.
INSURANCE
Asie-Pacifique
Design a better CX through software engineering Innovations in software engineering are the key to greater business agility and rapid design of extraordinary experiences and cutting-edge products. Learn more
Sponsorships
Privacy Notice
Imagine a business that can act with human insight Make your business more intuitive. Get ahead faster Hit play on business transformation Take advantage of our unique combination of bold thinking and practical know-how powered by Cognizant consulting services. Learn more Reinventing the world of work Generative AI will drive dramatic change across the enterprise and transform how work gets done. Learn how TO NEXT SECTION
Jan 26, 2022
Équipe de direction
Sustainable farming, with a digital twist
How higher education can ace the net zero exam How AI can power empathy in the workforce Payers must add the digital features members want Tender and deal management: The journey to excellence How auto manufacturers can upshift into the future Generative AI: boundless potential at our fingertips
TECHNOLOGY New technology is not a guarantee of value A value challenge looms as businesses struggle to realize returns from new technology investments. And we see transformation drivers like IoT, cloud and AI rapidly becoming table stakes, making room for emerging technologies like blockchain, quantum computing and robotics to uncover new possibilities. Learn more
Careers • News • Events • Investors | Worldwide Search Industries Services Insights About Industries Communications, Media & Technology Contact INTUITIVE OPERATIONS Harness generative AI An introduction to generative AI in communications, media and technology Generative AI presents a significant change in humanity’s ability to apply specialized knowledge at unprecedented speed, breadth and scale. The possibilities are endless. Learn more The advancements in gen AI and large language models offer enterprises powerful tools to automate customer interactions, enhance content creation and extract meaningful insights from data. DEPTH OF EXPERTISE The industries we serve Communications Partner with our team for software solutions that power smart networks, speed time to market and drive business-to-vertical industry capabilities. Media & entertainment Drive growth through optimized content value chains, superior experiences and maximized monetization opportunities. Technology Generate insights you can monetize. Partner with our team to modernize data and create platforms that deliver a compelling CX. Explore how modern Business Process Services can help accelerate growth for communications, media and technology clients. Learn more Design a better CX through software engineering Innovations in software engineering are the key to greater business agility and rapid design of extraordinary experiences and cutting-edge products. Learn more DRIVEN BY RESULTS Turn data into insight. Partner with our teams to deepen engagement and modernize operations. RESULTS TELUS Health RESULTS The English Football Association RESULTS Effectv, Comcast's ad sales division, RESULTS A digital advertising agency RESULTS A leading software company RESULTS Broadband provider BUSINESS INTELLIGENCE Recently published insights WHITEPAPERS How technology companies deliver exceptional experiences Learn why business modernization is linked to experience and how organizations can build the ecosystems needed to support it. View report PODCAST How media companies can build a profitable streaming business Listen in as experts from AWS and Gracenote join Cognizant to discuss data’s role in creating content that keeps viewers coming back. Listen now PERSPECTIVES Speed to market is rooted in software engineering Failure encourages experimentation, and the act of experimentation breeds learning. View Perspectives carousel starts Turn customer journeys into predictive insights Play video carousel ends THOUGHT LEADERSHIP Latest thinking Carousel starts Why convergence is the next big thing for media companies and how to deliver it Consumers expect interactive experiences that blend content, community and commerce. Here's what it takes to deliver an all-inclusive CX. View blog Delivering on the digital imperative Media and entertainment companies are deploying digital to better understand customers, improve their offerings and tackle emerging challenges. Read more Building the smart campus, step by step Universities can make the connected campus a reality by assessing their capabilities and needs before setting strategies to modernize the value chain. Read more Carousel ends PRESS ROOM In the news Jan 26, 2022 DJE Holdings to Acquire Mustache Boutique Content Agency Will Bolster Creative Production and Digital Expertise Read more Jun 01, 2021 Aston Martin Cognizant Formula One™ Team Shows Its Support for LGTBQ+ Community Across Pride Month in June; Announces Partnership with Racing Pride Read more May 12, 2021 Qlik Names Cognizant NA Systems Integrator of the Year Read more Check us out See all Cognizant news Stay on top of what's happening across Cognizant. Read more COMMUNICATIONS, MEDIA & TECHNOLOGY MANAGEMENT Leadership Ajmal Noorani Market Leader for Technology Anurag Sinha Market Leader for Communications, Media & Entertainment Take the first step Serving customers by looking forward as well as back is a big promise, but the power of today’s new digital capabilities is vast and growing. Let’s talk about how digital can work for your business. LinkedIn Twitter Facebook Instagram YouTube Sitemap Terms Privacy Notice Cookie Notice ©2023 Cognizant, all rights reserved Industries Automotive Banking Capital Markets Communications, Media & Technology Consumer Goods Education Healthcare Information Services Insurance Life Sciences Manufacturing Oil & Gas Retail Transportation & Logistics Travel & Hospitality Utilities Services Application Services & Modernization Artificial Intelligence Business Process Services Cloud Solutions Core Modernization Digital Experience Digital Strategy Enterprise Platform Services Infrastructure Services Intelligent Process Automation Internet of Things Quality Engineering & Assurance Security Software Product Engineering Sustainability Services Consulting Insights Themes Modern Business Sustainability and Resilience Tech to Watch Research Deep Green Future-Ready Cities The Future of Us The Future-Ready Business Benchmark The Metaverse The Work Ahead Explore Blog Case Studies Insights Podcasts About Cognizant Annual Report Be.Cognizant Board of Directors Client Briefing Program Contact Us Corporate Governance Culture & Values Diversity & Inclusion ESG Leadership Team News & Press Releases Partnerships Public Policy Sponsorships Talent Worldwide Glossary Information for Suppliers Back to top
Retail
Careers • News • Investors | Worldwide Search Hungary Industries Services Insights About Carousal Starts Imagine a business that can act with human insight Make your business more intuitive. Get ahead faster Hit play on business transformation Take advantage of our unique combination of bold thinking and practical know-how powered by Cognizant consulting services. Learn more TO NEXT SECTION Carousal Ends Cognizant helps companies modernize technology, reimagine processes and transform experiences so they stay ahead in a fast-changing world. Drive your career forward. Fast. Browse job listings Cognizant Hungary Helping clients with multi-service needs become more efficient, compliant and digital. Located in Budapest, Cognizant’s longest running Delivery Center supports approximately 50 clients across all industries through a multi-lingual infrastructure. We have a highly skilled workforce with a good mix of senior professionals and millennials. We offer the scale and the level of support in the languages required by your business. We continuously improve businesses and ensure new ways of working. Cognizant Delivery Centers See how Cognizant engineers your modern business. OUR COMPANY AND CULTURE About us WHERE TO FIND US Our Centers Future-ready means AI-ready Get five recommendations on how to build future-readiness into your enterprise, with AI as a driving force of your success. Explore the intel Engineering excellence We deliver excellence by hiring and partnering with the best in the business. TALENT Join our Talent Community Register with us to receive latest job openings tailored just for you. Sign up now SPONSORSHIPS A passion for innovation and performance We’re proud to partner with organizations that share our passion for innovating and taking performance—the human experience—to even greater heights. Learn more OUTREACH PROGRAM Building skills in the community The Cognizant Outreach program mobilizes our associates’ expertise and enthusiasm through volunteer work. Learn more Transform your finance and HR functions Cognizant’s Workday practice helps you drive exceptional customer experiences, increase productivity and innovate faster. Learn more News Nov 23, 2023 Cognizant selected by Alm. Brand Group to enable automation services Read more Nov 02, 2023 COGNIZANT REPORTS THIRD QUARTER 2023 RESULTS Read more Oct 31, 2023 Cognizant Launches Synapse Initiative to Provide Job Training to One Million Individuals Around the Globe Read more See all Cognizant news Get answers to your questions Our clients turn to us to help them reimagine ways of working with technology. Name* Email* Organization* Contact Number* Region* North America South America Europe Middle East APAC India Inquiry Type* Alumni Career Seekers Investor Relations Media Partners Request for Services Message Submit This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. LinkedIn Twitter Facebook Instagram YouTube Sitemap Terms Privacy Notice Cookie Notice ©2023 Cognizant, all rights reserved Industries Automotive Banking Capital Markets Communications, Media & Technology Consumer Goods Education Healthcare Information Services Insurance Life Sciences Manufacturing Oil & Gas Retail Transportation & Logistics Travel & Hospitality Utilities Services Application Services & Modernization Artificial Intelligence Business Process Services Cloud Solutions Core Modernization Digital Experience Digital Strategy Enterprise Application Services Infrastructure Services Intelligent Process Automation Internet of Things Quality Engineering & Assurance Security Software Product Engineering Sustainability Services Consulting Insights Themes Modern Business Sustainability and Resilience Tech to Watch Research Deep Green The Future of Us The Future-Ready Business Benchmark The Green Rush The Metaverse The Work Ahead Explore Blog Case Studies Insights Podcasts About Cognizant Annual Report Be.Cognizant Board of Directors Client Briefing Program Contact Us Corporate Governance Culture & Values Diversity & Inclusion ESG Leadership Team News & Press Releases Partnerships Public Policy Sponsorships Talent Worldwide Glossary Information for Suppliers Back to top
carousel starts Turn customer journeys into predictive insights Play video carousel ends
Secteurs d'activité Assurance Banque Biens de consommation Commodities Trading Communications, médias et technologie Distribution Éducation Industrie Industrie automobile Industrie du pétrole et du gaz Information Life sciences Marchés de capitaux Santé Tourisme et hôtellerie Transport et logistique Utilities Services Assurance et ingénierie qualité Automatisation intelligente des processus Data et Intelligence artificielle Expérience digitale Ingénierie de produits logiciels IoT Modernisation des infrastructures et applications de base Sécurité Services d'infrastructure IT Services de durabilité Services de plateforme d'entreprise Services de processus métiers Services et modernisation des applications Solutions cloud Stratégie digitale Consulting Insights Focus Développement durable et résilience Modern business Tech to watch Recherche Deep Green Le métavers The Future of Us The Future-Ready Business Benchmark The Green Rush The Work Ahead Explorer Blog Cas clients Insights Podcasts À propos de Cognizant Actualités et communiqués de presse Be.Cognizant Client Briefing Program Conseil d’admin. Culture et valeurs Diversité et inclusion Équipe de direction ESG Gouvernance Nous contacter Parrainages Partenariats Politique publique Rapport annuel Talents dans le monde Glossaire Informations pour les fournisseurs
Cookie Notice
Carousal Starts Imaginez une entreprise capable d’agir avec la perspicacité humaine Développez l’intuition dans votre entreprise. En savoir plus Lancez votre transformation d’entreprise Profitez d'un savant mélange de réflexion audacieuse et de savoir-faire pratique avec les Services de conseil de Cognizant. En savoir plus Réinventer le monde du travail L’IA générative transformera fondamentalement les entreprises et les modes d’exécution du travail. En savoir plus TO NEXT SECTION Carousal Ends Cognizant aide les entreprises à moderniser leurs technologies, repenser leurs processus et transformer leurs expériences pour rester à la pointe dans un monde en constante évolution. Prêt pour l’IA, prêt pour demain Nos 5 conseils pour faire avancer votre entreprise dans la bonne direction avec l’IA comme moteur. En savoir plus Cognizant Suisse Découvrez comment Cognizant modernise les entreprises ENTREPRISE ET BUREAUX À propos de Cognizant ASSURANCE La transformation numérique des centres de contacts réduit la DMT de 25 % UTILITIES Uniper accélère son processus décisionnel avec la découverte intuitive des données À PROPOS Les professionnelles de la tech EXPERTISE APPROFONDIE Services SAP Digital Migrez vers SAP S/4HANA pour devenir une entreprise intelligente, du back-end au front-end. Assurance et Ingénierie Qualité Réinventez l'assurance qualité en utilisant une approche globale basée sur un écosystème doté de processus d'assurance qualité intelligents et automatisés. Viser l’excellence Nous offrons des services hors pair grâce à notre politique de recrutement et de partenariats avec les experts du secteur. DISTINCTION Cognizant parmi les entreprises américaines les plus innovantes Nous sommes reconnus pour notre culture d’innovation, notre innovation en matière de processus et notre innovation produit par Fortune et Statista, Inc.  En savoir plus DISTINCTION Cognizant reconnu « Leader » de l’écosystème Salesforce Cognizant figure parmi les leaders du rapport ISG Provider Lens™ 2023 sur les partenaires de l’écosystème Salesforce sur les marchés américain, britannique, allemand et français. Lire le rapport DISTINCTION « Leader » du classement PEAK Matrix® Enterprise QA 2022 En tant que « Leader » de l'évaluation PEAK Matrix® d'Everest Group, Cognizant devance 32 fournisseurs pour son impact sur le marché des services d'assurance qualité d'entreprise. Lire le rapport Faites progresser votre carrière et le monde dans lequel nous vivons Renforcer en permanence vos connaissances techniques, votre capacité à résoudre des problèmes et votre esprit d’entreprise. Rejoignez Cognizant, et aidez-nous à changer le quotidien de tous. Parcourir les offres d'emploi Obtenez les réponses à vos questions Nos clients font appel à nous pour les aider à repenser leur utilisation des technologies. Nom* E-mail* Entreprise* Numéro de téléphone* Zone géographique* Amérique du Nord Amérique du Sud Europe Moyen-Orient Asie-Pacifique Inde Objet de la requête* Alumni Carrière Investisseur Médias Partenaires Demande de services Votre message Envoyer Ce site est protégé par reCAPTCHA et la Politique de confidentialité et les Conditions d'utilisation de Google s'appliquent.
Imaginez une entreprise capable d’agir avec la perspicacité humaine Développez l’intuition dans votre entreprise. En savoir plus Lancez votre transformation d’entreprise Profitez d'un savant mélange de réflexion audacieuse et de savoir-faire pratique avec les Services de conseil de Cognizant. En savoir plus Réinventer le monde du travail L’IA générative transformera fondamentalement les entreprises et les modes d’exécution du travail. En savoir plus TO NEXT SECTION Carousal Ends
Innovations in software engineering are the key to greater business agility and rapid design of extraordinary experiences and cutting-edge products.
Amérique du Sud
TALENT
DRIVEN BY RESULTS
Nom* E-mail* Entreprise* Numéro de téléphone* Zone géographique* Amérique du Nord Amérique du Sud Europe Moyen-Orient Asie-Pacifique Inde Objet de la requête* Alumni Carrière Investisseur Médias Partenaires Demande de services Votre message Envoyer
Explore how the game-changing technology will orchestrate tasks, spur new ideas, sharpen decision making and unify the workplace.
Careers • News • Events • Investors | Worldwide Search
HEALTHCARE AI drives smarter decisions and faster problem solving Learn more LIFE SCIENCES Digital tech reduces processing time by 90% and manual effort by 50% Learn more INSURANCE Cloud-based automation processes claims 600x faster with 8x ROI Learn more
Insurance
Client Briefing Program
Jun 01, 2021 Aston Martin Cognizant Formula One™ Team Shows Its Support for LGTBQ+ Community Across Pride Month in June; Announces Partnership with Racing Pride Read more
Region*
INTELLIGENT AUTOMATION Study: Intelligent automation is #1 for boosting sustainability 79% of our study’s respondents rated process automation as effective in advancing their sustainability strategy. How can other businesses catch up? Read more
Terms
« Leader » du classement PEAK Matrix® Enterprise QA 2022
Commodities Trading
Politique relative aux cookies
Carrière
How auto manufacturers can upshift into the future
Take the first step Serving customers by looking forward as well as back is a big promise, but the power of today’s new digital capabilities is vast and growing. Let’s talk about how digital can work for your business.
SPONSORSHIPS A passion for innovation and performance We’re proud to partner with organizations that share our passion for innovating and taking performance—the human experience—to even greater heights. Learn more
Carousal Starts Imagine a business that can act with human insight Make your business more intuitive. Get ahead faster Hit play on business transformation Take advantage of our unique combination of bold thinking and practical know-how powered by Cognizant consulting services. Learn more Reinventing the world of work Generative AI will drive dramatic change across the enterprise and transform how work gets done. Learn how TO NEXT SECTION Carousal Ends Cognizant helps companies modernize technology, reimagine processes and transform experiences so they stay ahead in a fast-changing world. Drive your career forward. Fast. Browse job listings Cognizant Hungary Helping clients with multi-service needs become more efficient, compliant and digital. Located in Budapest, Cognizant’s longest running Delivery Center supports approximately 50 clients across all industries through a multi-lingual infrastructure. We have a highly skilled workforce with a good mix of senior professionals and millennials. We offer the scale and the level of support in the languages required by your business. We continuously improve businesses and ensure new ways of working. Cognizant Delivery Centers See how Cognizant engineers your modern business. OUR COMPANY AND CULTURE About us WHERE TO FIND US Our Centers Future-ready means AI-ready Get five recommendations on how to build future-readiness into your enterprise, with AI as a driving force of your success. Explore the intel Engineering excellence We deliver excellence by hiring and partnering with the best in the business. TALENT Join our Talent Community Register with us to receive latest job openings tailored just for you. Sign up now SPONSORSHIPS A passion for innovation and performance We’re proud to partner with organizations that share our passion for innovating and taking performance—the human experience—to even greater heights. Learn more OUTREACH PROGRAM Building skills in the community The Cognizant Outreach program mobilizes our associates’ expertise and enthusiasm through volunteer work. Learn more Transform your finance and HR functions Cognizant’s Workday practice helps you drive exceptional customer experiences, increase productivity and innovate faster. Learn more News Nov 23, 2023 Cognizant selected by Alm. Brand Group to enable automation services Read more Nov 02, 2023 COGNIZANT REPORTS THIRD QUARTER 2023 RESULTS Read more Oct 31, 2023 Cognizant Launches Synapse Initiative to Provide Job Training to One Million Individuals Around the Globe Read more See all Cognizant news Get answers to your questions Our clients turn to us to help them reimagine ways of working with technology. Name* Email* Organization* Contact Number* Region* North America South America Europe Middle East APAC India Inquiry Type* Alumni Career Seekers Investor Relations Media Partners Request for Services Message Submit This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
Media & entertainment
Industries Automotive Banking Capital Markets Communications, Media & Technology Consumer Goods Education Healthcare Information Services Insurance Life Sciences Manufacturing Oil & Gas Retail Transportation & Logistics Travel & Hospitality Utilities Services Application Services & Modernization Artificial Intelligence Business Process Services Cloud Solutions Core Modernization Digital Experience Digital Strategy Enterprise Application Services Infrastructure Services Intelligent Process Automation Internet of Things Quality Engineering & Assurance Security Software Product Engineering Sustainability Services Consulting Insights Themes Modern Business Sustainability and Resilience Tech to Watch Research Deep Green The Future of Us The Future-Ready Business Benchmark The Green Rush The Metaverse The Work Ahead Explore Blog Case Studies Insights Podcasts
Explore the five essential areas to achieve AI mastery in this new report based on research developed in collaboration with the Economist.
DJE Holdings to Acquire Mustache Boutique Content Agency Will Bolster Creative Production and Digital Expertise
|
ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE Unlocking digital success with data modernization Discover why data modernization can boost productivity by up to 60% and how to leverage it to unlock digital success in this tech-driven era. Read more INTELLIGENT AUTOMATION Study: Intelligent automation is #1 for boosting sustainability 79% of our study’s respondents rated process automation as effective in advancing their sustainability strategy. How can other businesses catch up? Read more DIGITAL EXPERIENCE How to put customers first and increase brand value Check out our three keys to overcoming obstacles to better CX and how you can achieve better ROI on CX investments. Read more
The advancements in gen AI and large language models offer enterprises powerful tools to automate customer interactions, enhance content creation and extract meaningful insights from data.
Explorer Blog Cas clients Insights Podcasts
carousel starts
INDUSTRY TRENDS What does future-readiness look like today? Businesses that take a proactive approach will be better prepared to capture value from emerging opportunities. Learn more about what your peers and competitors are doing to ensure they’re ready for anything. Carousel starts BANKING & CAPITAL MARKETS Build on today’s successes to face tomorrow Banks, asset managers and financial intermediaries must focus on core modernization, personalization and rethinking the operating model. Read more HEALTHCARE Walking a fine line between data, privacy and regulation Healthcare organizations face a delicate balancing act. They must improve experiences and protect data privacy while satisfying the needs of emerging data-hungry apps—all within increasingly complex regulatory environments. Read more INSURANCE Managing constant change with ongoing transformation Insurers are experiencing a massive wave of change—from complex regulatory environments to rapidly evolving consumer expectations. Explore how modernizing data strategies and forming new partnerships help them stay future fit. Read more Carousel ends
Becoming ‘data ready’ for gen AI
A passion for innovation and performance
GENERATIVE AI
Themes
Organization*
A digital advertising agency
Why convergence is the next big thing for media companies and how to deliver it Consumers expect interactive experiences that blend content, community and commerce. Here's what it takes to deliver an all-inclusive CX. View blog Delivering on the digital imperative Media and entertainment companies are deploying digital to better understand customers, improve their offerings and tackle emerging challenges. Read more Building the smart campus, step by step Universities can make the connected campus a reality by assessing their capabilities and needs before setting strategies to modernize the value chain. Read more
The key to perpetual relevance: intuition Imagine anticipating change and acting before your competition does. Imagine confidently making data-driven decisions at the perfect time. Imagine always being relevant to your customers. That’s the power and promise of intuition.
MODERN OPERATIONS
Close the gap between ESG commitments and action
Case Studies
Conseil d’admin.
Ce site est protégé par reCAPTCHA et la Politique de confidentialité et les Conditions d'utilisation de Google s'appliquent.
Assurance et Ingénierie Qualité Réinventez l'assurance qualité en utilisant une approche globale basée sur un écosystème doté de processus d'assurance qualité intelligents et automatisés.
Numéro de téléphone*
RESULTS A digital advertising agency
Search
Careers
Assurance et ingénierie qualité Automatisation intelligente des processus Data et Intelligence artificielle Expérience digitale Ingénierie de produits logiciels
Payers must add the digital features members want
LinkedIn Twitter Facebook Instagram Youtube Plan du site Conditions Avis de confidentialité Politique relative aux cookies ©2023 Cognizant, tous droits réservés Secteurs d'activité Assurance Banque Biens de consommation Commodities Trading Communications, médias et technologie Distribution Éducation Industrie Industrie automobile Industrie du pétrole et du gaz Information Life sciences Marchés de capitaux Santé Tourisme et hôtellerie Transport et logistique Utilities Services Assurance et ingénierie qualité Automatisation intelligente des processus Data et Intelligence artificielle Expérience digitale Ingénierie de produits logiciels IoT Modernisation des infrastructures et applications de base Sécurité Services d'infrastructure IT Services de durabilité Services de plateforme d'entreprise Services de processus métiers Services et modernisation des applications Solutions cloud Stratégie digitale Consulting Insights Focus Développement durable et résilience Modern business Tech to watch Recherche Deep Green Le métavers The Future of Us The Future-Ready Business Benchmark The Green Rush The Work Ahead Explorer Blog Cas clients Insights Podcasts À propos de Cognizant Actualités et communiqués de presse Be.Cognizant Client Briefing Program Conseil d’admin. Culture et valeurs Diversité et inclusion Équipe de direction ESG Gouvernance Nous contacter Parrainages Partenariats Politique publique Rapport annuel Talents dans le monde Glossaire Informations pour les fournisseurs
Digital Experience Digital Strategy Enterprise Application Services Infrastructure Services Intelligent Process Automation
Enterprise Application Services
Industry trends
Imaginez une entreprise capable d’agir avec la perspicacité humaine Développez l’intuition dans votre entreprise. En savoir plus Lancez votre transformation d’entreprise Profitez d'un savant mélange de réflexion audacieuse et de savoir-faire pratique avec les Services de conseil de Cognizant. En savoir plus Réinventer le monde du travail L’IA générative transformera fondamentalement les entreprises et les modes d’exécution du travail. En savoir plus TO NEXT SECTION
ENTREPRISE ET BUREAUX À propos de Cognizant ASSURANCE La transformation numérique des centres de contacts réduit la DMT de 25 % UTILITIES Uniper accélère son processus décisionnel avec la découverte intuitive des données À PROPOS Les professionnelles de la tech
Faites progresser votre carrière et le monde dans lequel nous vivons Renforcer en permanence vos connaissances techniques, votre capacité à résoudre des problèmes et votre esprit d’entreprise. Rejoignez Cognizant, et aidez-nous à changer le quotidien de tous.
But within this challenge is an opportunity to reimagine foundational elements—technology, talent, ESG—all key aspects to making your business capable of staying ahead of emerging expectations and competitors.
Latest thinking
An introduction to generative AI in communications, media and technology Generative AI presents a significant change in humanity’s ability to apply specialized knowledge at unprecedented speed, breadth and scale. The possibilities are endless. Learn more
Suisse Secteurs d'activité Services Insights À propos
Healthcare Time to make apps: The 2023 voice of the member survey
Region* North America South America Europe Middle East APAC India
Nov 23, 2023 Cognizant selected by Alm. Brand Group to enable automation services Read more Nov 02, 2023 COGNIZANT REPORTS THIRD QUARTER 2023 RESULTS Read more Oct 31, 2023 Cognizant Launches Synapse Initiative to Provide Job Training to One Million Individuals Around the Globe Read more
TECHNOLOGY
Nos 5 conseils pour faire avancer votre entreprise dans la bonne direction avec l’IA comme moteur.
Anurag Sinha Market Leader for Communications, Media & Entertainment
Viser l’excellence
Check us out See all Cognizant news Stay on top of what's happening across Cognizant. Read more
Deep Green
Walking a fine line between data, privacy and regulation
THOUGHT LEADERSHIP Latest thinking Carousel starts Why convergence is the next big thing for media companies and how to deliver it Consumers expect interactive experiences that blend content, community and commerce. Here's what it takes to deliver an all-inclusive CX. View blog Delivering on the digital imperative Media and entertainment companies are deploying digital to better understand customers, improve their offerings and tackle emerging challenges. Read more Building the smart campus, step by step Universities can make the connected campus a reality by assessing their capabilities and needs before setting strategies to modernize the value chain. Read more Carousel ends
Say goodbye to the checkout line
Communications Partner with our team for software solutions that power smart networks, speed time to market and drive business-to-vertical industry capabilities.
Media
Infrastructure Services
Unlocking digital success with data modernization
Industrie
Businesses that take a proactive approach will be better prepared to capture value from emerging opportunities. Learn more about what your peers and competitors are doing to ensure they’re ready for anything.
Diversity & Inclusion
Get answers to your questions Our clients turn to us to help them reimagine ways of working with technology.
Closing critical skills gaps will elevate India’s talent model and prepare for innovation and enterprise demand.
Public Policy
Drive your career forward. Fast.
While many see a shrinking labor pool as the main issue facing talent management, the reality is that companies are falling short in preparing people for the future of work. Explore how focusing on technology without fully investing in the people behind it creates barriers to future readiness.
Middle East
Partners
Managing constant change with ongoing transformation
Demande de services
Deep dives See what’s shaping the future of business—and how you can stay ahead in a fast-changing world. Amplifying the value of generative AI Explore our four-part framework to ensuring optimal use of this powerful technology. How higher education can ace the net zero exam How AI can power empathy in the workforce Payers must add the digital features members want Tender and deal management: The journey to excellence How auto manufacturers can upshift into the future Generative AI: boundless potential at our fingertips
DISTINCTION Cognizant reconnu « Leader » de l’écosystème Salesforce Cognizant figure parmi les leaders du rapport ISG Provider Lens™ 2023 sur les partenaires de l’écosystème Salesforce sur les marchés américain, britannique, allemand et français. Lire le rapport
À PROPOS Les professionnelles de la tech
ENVIRONMENT, SOCIAL, GOVERNANCE
Plan du site Conditions Avis de confidentialité Politique relative aux cookies ©2023 Cognizant, tous droits réservés
Sécurité
Message Submit
Industry reads Every industry has its own challenges and opportunities. Discover how players in your industry thrive through smart technology choices and deployment. Banking Automating payment disputes: 3 key considerations Communications How CSPs can optimize costs to prepare for future growth Healthcare Time to make apps: The 2023 voice of the member survey Life sciences The metaverse in life sciences: Seize the opportunity Manufacturing Manufacturers must innovate despite uncertainty Retail Say goodbye to the checkout line
Modern Business
Insights Blog
Investors
Failure encourages experimentation, and the act of experimentation breeds learning.
Manufacturing
Reinventing the world of work Generative AI will drive dramatic change across the enterprise and transform how work gets done. Learn how
Effectv, Comcast's ad sales division,
Delivering on the digital imperative Media and entertainment companies are deploying digital to better understand customers, improve their offerings and tackle emerging challenges. Read more
Insights Modern Business Contact Becoming future-ready Ready for anything: what it means to be a modern business Preparing for specific scenarios is no longer enough. Today, we must be ready for change at any time. Learn to read early warning signs, anticipate change before it happens and position your business to act in time and emerge on top. Read the interactive report Ready for anything Multiple priorities Where to focus A cycle of success Industry trends By the numbers Case studies Future-ready equals mastering AI Explore the five essential areas to achieve AI mastery in this new report based on research developed in collaboration with the Economist. Read the interactive report carousel starts READY FOR ANYTHING What it means to be a modern business Play video carousel ends Is your business future-ready? Today’s businesses can all count on one thing: uncertainty. From supply chain disruption to global climate and health crises to talent shortages—the priorities you focus on today will determine if you are truly future-ready. But within this challenge is an opportunity to reimagine foundational elements—technology, talent, ESG—all key aspects to making your business capable of staying ahead of emerging expectations and competitors. Find out how business leaders like you are preparing for tomorrow’s challenges in Ready for Anything: What It Means to Be a Modern Business, which includes our perspectives on research conducted by Economist Impact and supported by Cognizant. Multiple priorities highlight the challenge of becoming future-ready Explore what it means to be perpetually future-ready and what it takes to build foundations for long-term success. Get insights from a survey of 2,000 senior business leaders about where to focus to understand what you need to do now. Read the eBook Evaluate your business’s future-readiness When everything feels like a priority, it’s hard to know where to focus. Evaluate your organization’s future-readiness with The Future-Ready Business Benchmark tool developed by Economist Impact and supported by Cognizant. Contact us THE FUTURE-READY BUSINESS BENCHMARK Can you beat your competition to the future? Play video Prioritize, focus and create a cycle of success Restructure core elements of your business to be self-supporting and interconnected across technology, talent and ESG. MODERN OPERATIONS Seizing opportunities for future-ready businesses Operations is experiencing an identity shift from back-office management of routine tasks to a strategic source of innovation and competitive advantage. Businesses have discovered that the only way to embrace the new is to ensure that the processes are built for simplicity, elegance, and ingenuity. Learn more TECHNOLOGY New technology is not a guarantee of value A value challenge looms as businesses struggle to realize returns from new technology investments. And we see transformation drivers like IoT, cloud and AI rapidly becoming table stakes, making room for emerging technologies like blockchain, quantum computing and robotics to uncover new possibilities. Learn more TALENT Workforce strategies need a major overhaul While many see a shrinking labor pool as the main issue facing talent management, the reality is that companies are falling short in preparing people for the future of work. Explore how focusing on technology without fully investing in the people behind it creates barriers to future readiness. Learn more ENVIRONMENT, SOCIAL, GOVERNANCE Close the gap between ESG commitments and action 90% of decision makers agree you can’t be a modern business without a cohesive ESG strategy. But there’s a huge disconnect between actual plans and real action—a gap that must close as customers, employees, investors and regulators increasingly scrutinize ESG progress and begin holding companies more accountable. Learn more The key to perpetual relevance: intuition Imagine anticipating change and acting before your competition does. Imagine confidently making data-driven decisions at the perfect time. Imagine always being relevant to your customers. That’s the power and promise of intuition. Learn more INDUSTRY TRENDS What does future-readiness look like today? Businesses that take a proactive approach will be better prepared to capture value from emerging opportunities. Learn more about what your peers and competitors are doing to ensure they’re ready for anything. Carousel starts BANKING & CAPITAL MARKETS Build on today’s successes to face tomorrow Banks, asset managers and financial intermediaries must focus on core modernization, personalization and rethinking the operating model. Read more HEALTHCARE Walking a fine line between data, privacy and regulation Healthcare organizations face a delicate balancing act. They must improve experiences and protect data privacy while satisfying the needs of emerging data-hungry apps—all within increasingly complex regulatory environments. Read more INSURANCE Managing constant change with ongoing transformation Insurers are experiencing a massive wave of change—from complex regulatory environments to rapidly evolving consumer expectations. Explore how modernizing data strategies and forming new partnerships help them stay future fit. Read more Carousel ends How India’s top talent can thrive in the next decade Closing critical skills gaps will elevate India’s talent model and prepare for innovation and enterprise demand. Learn more Case studies HEALTHCARE AI drives smarter decisions and faster problem solving Learn more LIFE SCIENCES Digital tech reduces processing time by 90% and manual effort by 50% Learn more INSURANCE Cloud-based automation processes claims 600x faster with 8x ROI Learn more *Disclaimer The views and opinions expressed on this page are those of Cognizant and do not necessarily reflect the view and policies of Economist Impact. Data presented is from an Economist Impact executive survey, supported by Cognizant, conducted in 2022.
Play video
How to put customers first and increase brand value
Industry reads
Universities can make the connected campus a reality by assessing their capabilities and needs before setting strategies to modernize the value chain.
Conditions
Conditions d'utilisation
Twitter
Cognizant Suisse
Europe
ASSURANCE
Make your business more intuitive.
Ingénierie de produits logiciels
Deep dives
Investisseur
L’IA générative transformera fondamentalement les entreprises et les modes d’exécution du travail.
Prêt pour l’IA, prêt pour demain Nos 5 conseils pour faire avancer votre entreprise dans la bonne direction avec l’IA comme moteur. En savoir plus
Stratégie digitale
DEPTH OF EXPERTISE
90% of decision makers agree you can’t be a modern business without a cohesive ESG strategy. But there’s a huge disconnect between actual plans and real action—a gap that must close as customers, employees, investors and regulators increasingly scrutinize ESG progress and begin holding companies more accountable.
Floating solar platforms are green energy’s next big thing
INTELLIGENT AUTOMATION
Nous offrons des services hors pair grâce à notre politique de recrutement et de partenariats avec les experts du secteur.
INTUITIVE OPERATIONS Harness generative AI
Cognizant Delivery Centers See how Cognizant engineers your modern business.
Industries Communications, Media & Technology Contact INTUITIVE OPERATIONS Harness generative AI An introduction to generative AI in communications, media and technology Generative AI presents a significant change in humanity’s ability to apply specialized knowledge at unprecedented speed, breadth and scale. The possibilities are endless. Learn more The advancements in gen AI and large language models offer enterprises powerful tools to automate customer interactions, enhance content creation and extract meaningful insights from data. DEPTH OF EXPERTISE The industries we serve Communications Partner with our team for software solutions that power smart networks, speed time to market and drive business-to-vertical industry capabilities. Media & entertainment Drive growth through optimized content value chains, superior experiences and maximized monetization opportunities. Technology Generate insights you can monetize. Partner with our team to modernize data and create platforms that deliver a compelling CX. Explore how modern Business Process Services can help accelerate growth for communications, media and technology clients. Learn more Design a better CX through software engineering Innovations in software engineering are the key to greater business agility and rapid design of extraordinary experiences and cutting-edge products. Learn more DRIVEN BY RESULTS Turn data into insight. Partner with our teams to deepen engagement and modernize operations. RESULTS TELUS Health RESULTS The English Football Association RESULTS Effectv, Comcast's ad sales division, RESULTS A digital advertising agency RESULTS A leading software company RESULTS Broadband provider BUSINESS INTELLIGENCE Recently published insights WHITEPAPERS How technology companies deliver exceptional experiences Learn why business modernization is linked to experience and how organizations can build the ecosystems needed to support it. View report PODCAST How media companies can build a profitable streaming business Listen in as experts from AWS and Gracenote join Cognizant to discuss data’s role in creating content that keeps viewers coming back. Listen now PERSPECTIVES Speed to market is rooted in software engineering Failure encourages experimentation, and the act of experimentation breeds learning. View Perspectives carousel starts Turn customer journeys into predictive insights Play video carousel ends THOUGHT LEADERSHIP Latest thinking Carousel starts Why convergence is the next big thing for media companies and how to deliver it Consumers expect interactive experiences that blend content, community and commerce. Here's what it takes to deliver an all-inclusive CX. View blog Delivering on the digital imperative Media and entertainment companies are deploying digital to better understand customers, improve their offerings and tackle emerging challenges. Read more Building the smart campus, step by step Universities can make the connected campus a reality by assessing their capabilities and needs before setting strategies to modernize the value chain. Read more Carousel ends PRESS ROOM In the news Jan 26, 2022 DJE Holdings to Acquire Mustache Boutique Content Agency Will Bolster Creative Production and Digital Expertise Read more Jun 01, 2021 Aston Martin Cognizant Formula One™ Team Shows Its Support for LGTBQ+ Community Across Pride Month in June; Announces Partnership with Racing Pride Read more May 12, 2021 Qlik Names Cognizant NA Systems Integrator of the Year Read more Check us out See all Cognizant news Stay on top of what's happening across Cognizant. Read more COMMUNICATIONS, MEDIA & TECHNOLOGY MANAGEMENT Leadership Ajmal Noorani Market Leader for Technology Anurag Sinha Market Leader for Communications, Media & Entertainment Take the first step Serving customers by looking forward as well as back is a big promise, but the power of today’s new digital capabilities is vast and growing. Let’s talk about how digital can work for your business.
See how Cognizant engineers your modern business.
Get five recommendations on how to build future-readiness into your enterprise, with AI as a driving force of your success.
Check out our three keys to overcoming obstacles to better CX and how you can achieve better ROI on CX investments.
OUR COMPANY AND CULTURE About us WHERE TO FIND US Our Centers
E-mail*
SUSTAINABILITY & RESILIENCE Sustainability in business: Beyond ‘green,’ to deeply green Read more GENERATIVE AI Becoming ‘data ready’ for gen AI Read more
Transportation & Logistics
Seizing opportunities for future-ready businesses
Santé
View blog
Sitemap Terms Privacy Notice Cookie Notice ©2023 Cognizant, all rights reserved
Life sciences The metaverse in life sciences: Seize the opportunity
Evolving challenges, emerging tech
Lancez votre transformation d’entreprise Profitez d'un savant mélange de réflexion audacieuse et de savoir-faire pratique avec les Services de conseil de Cognizant. En savoir plus
Ajmal Noorani Market Leader for Technology Anurag Sinha Market Leader for Communications, Media & Entertainment
Services d'infrastructure IT
OUR COMPANY AND CULTURE About us
Secteurs d'activité Assurance Banque Biens de consommation Commodities Trading Communications, médias et technologie Distribution Éducation Industrie Industrie automobile Industrie du pétrole et du gaz Information Life sciences Marchés de capitaux Santé Tourisme et hôtellerie Transport et logistique Utilities Services Assurance et ingénierie qualité Automatisation intelligente des processus Data et Intelligence artificielle Expérience digitale Ingénierie de produits logiciels IoT Modernisation des infrastructures et applications de base Sécurité Services d'infrastructure IT Services de durabilité Services de plateforme d'entreprise Services de processus métiers Services et modernisation des applications Solutions cloud Stratégie digitale Consulting Insights Focus Développement durable et résilience Modern business Tech to watch Recherche Deep Green Le métavers The Future of Us The Future-Ready Business Benchmark The Green Rush The Work Ahead Explorer Blog Cas clients Insights Podcasts
Carousel starts Why convergence is the next big thing for media companies and how to deliver it Consumers expect interactive experiences that blend content, community and commerce. Here's what it takes to deliver an all-inclusive CX. View blog Delivering on the digital imperative Media and entertainment companies are deploying digital to better understand customers, improve their offerings and tackle emerging challenges. Read more Building the smart campus, step by step Universities can make the connected campus a reality by assessing their capabilities and needs before setting strategies to modernize the value chain. Read more Carousel ends
The industries we serve
Automotive
Insights Insights Blog Contact
À propos de Cognizant Actualités et communiqués de presse Be.Cognizant Client Briefing Program Conseil d’admin. Culture et valeurs Diversité et inclusion Équipe de direction ESG Gouvernance Nous contacter Parrainages Partenariats Politique publique Rapport annuel Talents dans le monde Glossaire Informations pour les fournisseurs
Information
Transform your finance and HR functions Cognizant’s Workday practice helps you drive exceptional customer experiences, increase productivity and innovate faster. Learn more
How India’s top talent can thrive in the next decade Closing critical skills gaps will elevate India’s talent model and prepare for innovation and enterprise demand. Learn more
DEPTH OF EXPERTISE The industries we serve Communications Partner with our team for software solutions that power smart networks, speed time to market and drive business-to-vertical industry capabilities. Media & entertainment Drive growth through optimized content value chains, superior experiences and maximized monetization opportunities. Technology Generate insights you can monetize. Partner with our team to modernize data and create platforms that deliver a compelling CX.
Carousal Starts Imagine a business that can act with human insight Make your business more intuitive. Get ahead faster Hit play on business transformation Take advantage of our unique combination of bold thinking and practical know-how powered by Cognizant consulting services. Learn more Reinventing the world of work Generative AI will drive dramatic change across the enterprise and transform how work gets done. Learn how TO NEXT SECTION Carousal Ends
*Disclaimer
Careers • News • Events • Investors | Worldwide Search Industries Services Insights About Insights Insights Blog Contact Featured Emerging tech Deep dives Industry reads Tech in action Featured articles GENERATIVE AI How gen AI will change business as we know it Explore how the game-changing technology will orchestrate tasks, spur new ideas, sharpen decision making and unify the workplace. Read more SUSTAINABILITY & RESILIENCE Sustainability in business: Beyond ‘green,’ to deeply green Read more GENERATIVE AI Becoming ‘data ready’ for gen AI Read more The latest How modern data platforms can unlock hyper-personalization 11.29.2023 Read more How manufacturers can balance the sustainability equation 11.27.2023 Read more CRISPR gene editing has arrived. Here’s what that means 11.23.2023 Read more See all Evolving challenges, emerging tech Understand the transformative impact of emerging technologies on today’s most significant global challenges. What to know about the new LiFi networking standard Sustainable farming, with a digital twist How today’s AI can unlock yesterday’s secrets Floating solar platforms are green energy’s next big thing Deep dives See what’s shaping the future of business—and how you can stay ahead in a fast-changing world. Amplifying the value of generative AI Explore our four-part framework to ensuring optimal use of this powerful technology. How higher education can ace the net zero exam How AI can power empathy in the workforce Payers must add the digital features members want Tender and deal management: The journey to excellence How auto manufacturers can upshift into the future Generative AI: boundless potential at our fingertips Industry reads Every industry has its own challenges and opportunities. Discover how players in your industry thrive through smart technology choices and deployment. Banking Automating payment disputes: 3 key considerations Communications How CSPs can optimize costs to prepare for future growth Healthcare Time to make apps: The 2023 voice of the member survey Life sciences The metaverse in life sciences: Seize the opportunity Manufacturing Manufacturers must innovate despite uncertainty Retail Say goodbye to the checkout line Technology in action Get actionable insights that help you strategically apply and implement technology to address your pressing needs and seize opportunities. ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE Unlocking digital success with data modernization Discover why data modernization can boost productivity by up to 60% and how to leverage it to unlock digital success in this tech-driven era. Read more INTELLIGENT AUTOMATION Study: Intelligent automation is #1 for boosting sustainability 79% of our study’s respondents rated process automation as effective in advancing their sustainability strategy. How can other businesses catch up? Read more DIGITAL EXPERIENCE How to put customers first and increase brand value Check out our three keys to overcoming obstacles to better CX and how you can achieve better ROI on CX investments. Read more  LinkedIn Twitter Facebook Instagram YouTube Sitemap Terms Privacy Notice Cookie Notice ©2023 Cognizant, all rights reserved Industries Automotive Banking Capital Markets Communications, Media & Technology Consumer Goods Education Healthcare Information Services Insurance Life Sciences Manufacturing Oil & Gas Retail Transportation & Logistics Travel & Hospitality Utilities Services Application Services & Modernization Artificial Intelligence Business Process Services Cloud Solutions Core Modernization Digital Experience Digital Strategy Enterprise Platform Services Infrastructure Services Intelligent Process Automation Internet of Things Quality Engineering & Assurance Security Software Product Engineering Sustainability Services Consulting Insights Themes Modern Business Sustainability and Resilience Tech to Watch Research Deep Green Future-Ready Cities The Future of Us The Future-Ready Business Benchmark The Metaverse The Work Ahead Explore Blog Case Studies Insights Podcasts About Cognizant Annual Report Be.Cognizant Board of Directors Client Briefing Program Contact Us Corporate Governance Culture & Values Diversity & Inclusion ESG Leadership Team News & Press Releases Partnerships Public Policy Sponsorships Talent Worldwide Glossary Information for Suppliers Back to top
Located in Budapest, Cognizant’s longest running Delivery Center supports approximately 50 clients across all industries through a multi-lingual infrastructure.
Find out how business leaders like you are preparing for tomorrow’s challenges in Ready for Anything: What It Means to Be a Modern Business, which includes our perspectives on research conducted by Economist Impact and supported by Cognizant.
How gen AI will change business as we know it
Corporate Governance
The Cognizant Outreach program mobilizes our associates’ expertise and enthusiasm through volunteer work.
How media companies can build a profitable streaming business
LinkedIn Twitter Facebook Instagram YouTube Sitemap Terms Privacy Notice Cookie Notice ©2023 Cognizant, all rights reserved Industries Automotive Banking Capital Markets Communications, Media & Technology Consumer Goods Education Healthcare Information Services Insurance Life Sciences Manufacturing Oil & Gas Retail Transportation & Logistics Travel & Hospitality Utilities Services Application Services & Modernization Artificial Intelligence Business Process Services Cloud Solutions Core Modernization Digital Experience Digital Strategy Enterprise Platform Services Infrastructure Services Intelligent Process Automation Internet of Things Quality Engineering & Assurance Security Software Product Engineering Sustainability Services Consulting Insights Themes Modern Business Sustainability and Resilience Tech to Watch Research Deep Green Future-Ready Cities The Future of Us The Future-Ready Business Benchmark The Metaverse The Work Ahead Explore Blog Case Studies Insights Podcasts About Cognizant Annual Report Be.Cognizant Board of Directors Client Briefing Program Contact Us Corporate Governance Culture & Values Diversity & Inclusion ESG Leadership Team News & Press Releases Partnerships Public Policy Sponsorships Talent Worldwide Glossary Information for Suppliers
Nov 23, 2023 Cognizant selected by Alm. Brand Group to enable automation services Read more Nov 02, 2023 COGNIZANT REPORTS THIRD QUARTER 2023 RESULTS Read more Oct 31, 2023 Cognizant Launches Synapse Initiative to Provide Job Training to One Million Individuals Around the Globe Read more See all Cognizant news
Is your business future-ready? Today’s businesses can all count on one thing: uncertainty. From supply chain disruption to global climate and health crises to talent shortages—the priorities you focus on today will determine if you are truly future-ready. But within this challenge is an opportunity to reimagine foundational elements—technology, talent, ESG—all key aspects to making your business capable of staying ahead of emerging expectations and competitors. Find out how business leaders like you are preparing for tomorrow’s challenges in Ready for Anything: What It Means to Be a Modern Business, which includes our perspectives on research conducted by Economist Impact and supported by Cognizant.
We deliver excellence by hiring and partnering with the best in the business.
SAP Digital
Prioritize, focus and create a cycle of success Restructure core elements of your business to be self-supporting and interconnected across technology, talent and ESG. MODERN OPERATIONS Seizing opportunities for future-ready businesses Operations is experiencing an identity shift from back-office management of routine tasks to a strategic source of innovation and competitive advantage. Businesses have discovered that the only way to embrace the new is to ensure that the processes are built for simplicity, elegance, and ingenuity. Learn more TECHNOLOGY New technology is not a guarantee of value A value challenge looms as businesses struggle to realize returns from new technology investments. And we see transformation drivers like IoT, cloud and AI rapidly becoming table stakes, making room for emerging technologies like blockchain, quantum computing and robotics to uncover new possibilities. Learn more TALENT Workforce strategies need a major overhaul While many see a shrinking labor pool as the main issue facing talent management, the reality is that companies are falling short in preparing people for the future of work. Explore how focusing on technology without fully investing in the people behind it creates barriers to future readiness. Learn more ENVIRONMENT, SOCIAL, GOVERNANCE Close the gap between ESG commitments and action 90% of decision makers agree you can’t be a modern business without a cohesive ESG strategy. But there’s a huge disconnect between actual plans and real action—a gap that must close as customers, employees, investors and regulators increasingly scrutinize ESG progress and begin holding companies more accountable. Learn more
CRISPR gene editing has arrived. Here’s what that means 11.23.2023
Carousal Ends
Technology
Tech to Watch
An introduction to generative AI in communications, media and technology
RESULTS TELUS Health
Focus
Life sciences
Take the first step
Contact Number*
When everything feels like a priority, it’s hard to know where to focus. Evaluate your organization’s future-readiness with The Future-Ready Business Benchmark tool developed by Economist Impact and supported by Cognizant.
Nos bureaux
News Nov 23, 2023 Cognizant selected by Alm. Brand Group to enable automation services Read more Nov 02, 2023 COGNIZANT REPORTS THIRD QUARTER 2023 RESULTS Read more Oct 31, 2023 Cognizant Launches Synapse Initiative to Provide Job Training to One Million Individuals Around the Globe Read more See all Cognizant news
EXPERTISE APPROFONDIE Services SAP Digital Migrez vers SAP S/4HANA pour devenir une entreprise intelligente, du back-end au front-end. Assurance et Ingénierie Qualité Réinventez l'assurance qualité en utilisant une approche globale basée sur un écosystème doté de processus d'assurance qualité intelligents et automatisés.
Carrières
Our Centers
DISTINCTION « Leader » du classement PEAK Matrix® Enterprise QA 2022 En tant que « Leader » de l'évaluation PEAK Matrix® d'Everest Group, Cognizant devance 32 fournisseurs pour son impact sur le marché des services d'assurance qualité d'entreprise. Lire le rapport
Drive growth through optimized content value chains, superior experiences and maximized monetization opportunities.
The Future-Ready Business Benchmark
Name*
How modern data platforms can unlock hyper-personalization 11.29.2023 Read more How manufacturers can balance the sustainability equation 11.27.2023 Read more CRISPR gene editing has arrived. Here’s what that means 11.23.2023 Read more
TALENT Join our Talent Community Register with us to receive latest job openings tailored just for you. Sign up now SPONSORSHIPS A passion for innovation and performance We’re proud to partner with organizations that share our passion for innovating and taking performance—the human experience—to even greater heights. Learn more OUTREACH PROGRAM Building skills in the community The Cognizant Outreach program mobilizes our associates’ expertise and enthusiasm through volunteer work. Learn more
Ready for Anything: What It Means to Be a Modern Business
EXPERTISE APPROFONDIE
OUR COMPANY AND CULTURE
TALENT Workforce strategies need a major overhaul While many see a shrinking labor pool as the main issue facing talent management, the reality is that companies are falling short in preparing people for the future of work. Explore how focusing on technology without fully investing in the people behind it creates barriers to future readiness. Learn more
Information for Suppliers
Carousal Starts
Investisseurs
Assurance et Ingénierie Qualité
Terms of Service
Operations is experiencing an identity shift from back-office management of routine tasks to a strategic source of innovation and competitive advantage. Businesses have discovered that the only way to embrace the new is to ensure that the processes are built for simplicity, elegance, and ingenuity.
May 12, 2021
En tant que « Leader » de l'évaluation PEAK Matrix® d'Everest Group, Cognizant devance 32 fournisseurs pour son impact sur le marché des services d'assurance qualité d'entreprise.
Future-ready equals mastering AI Explore the five essential areas to achieve AI mastery in this new report based on research developed in collaboration with the Economist. Read the interactive report
experiences
How higher education can ace the net zero exam
Becoming future-ready
Quality Engineering & Assurance
Multiple priorities highlight the challenge of becoming future-ready Explore what it means to be perpetually future-ready and what it takes to build foundations for long-term success. Get insights from a survey of 2,000 senior business leaders about where to focus to understand what you need to do now. Read the eBook
Ready for anything Multiple priorities Where to focus A cycle of success Industry trends By the numbers Case studies
Back to top
Services de plateforme d'entreprise
Technology Generate insights you can monetize. Partner with our team to modernize data and create platforms that deliver a compelling CX.
Jun 01, 2021
Secteurs d'activité
Recherche
Prêt pour l’IA, prêt pour demain
Message
Where to focus
GENERATIVE AI How gen AI will change business as we know it Explore how the game-changing technology will orchestrate tasks, spur new ideas, sharpen decision making and unify the workplace. Read more
Assurance
Contact Us
Nos clients font appel à nous pour les aider à repenser leur utilisation des technologies.
Zone géographique* Amérique du Nord Amérique du Sud Europe Moyen-Orient Asie-Pacifique Inde
Éducation Industrie Industrie automobile Industrie du pétrole et du gaz Information Life sciences
Automating payment disputes: 3 key considerations
BANKING & CAPITAL MARKETS
Why convergence is the next big thing for media companies and how to deliver it
Le métavers
•
Partner with our teams to deepen engagement and modernize operations.
Request for Services
Nous sommes reconnus pour notre culture d’innovation, notre innovation en matière de processus et notre innovation produit par Fortune et Statista, Inc. 
À propos de Cognizant
News
Turn customer journeys into predictive insights
Imaginez une entreprise capable d’agir avec la perspicacité humaine Développez l’intuition dans votre entreprise. En savoir plus
COMMUNICATIONS, MEDIA & TECHNOLOGY MANAGEMENT Leadership Ajmal Noorani Market Leader for Technology Anurag Sinha Market Leader for Communications, Media & Entertainment
Research Deep Green Future-Ready Cities The Future of Us The Future-Ready Business Benchmark The Metaverse The Work Ahead
What to know about the new LiFi networking standard
Software Product Engineering
Talent Worldwide
Is your business future-ready?
Profitez d'un savant mélange de réflexion audacieuse et de savoir-faire pratique avec les Services de conseil de Cognizant.
La transformation numérique des centres de contacts réduit la DMT de 25 %
Digital tech reduces processing time by 90% and manual effort by 50%
Plan du site
CRISPR gene editing has arrived. Here’s what that means 11.23.2023 Read more
WHITEPAPERS
Ajmal Noorani Market Leader for Technology
Services de processus métiers
Carousel ends
Votre message
Viser l’excellence Nous offrons des services hors pair grâce à notre politique de recrutement et de partenariats avec les experts du secteur.
Informations pour les fournisseurs
Evolving challenges, emerging tech Understand the transformative impact of emerging technologies on today’s most significant global challenges. What to know about the new LiFi networking standard Sustainable farming, with a digital twist How today’s AI can unlock yesterday’s secrets Floating solar platforms are green energy’s next big thing
That’s the power and promise of intuition.
Diversité et inclusion
INSURANCE Cloud-based automation processes claims 600x faster with 8x ROI Learn more
Emerging tech
SUSTAINABILITY & RESILIENCE Sustainability in business: Beyond ‘green,’ to deeply green Read more
Explore our four-part framework to ensuring optimal use of this powerful technology.
Banks, asset managers and financial intermediaries must focus on core modernization, personalization and rethinking the operating model.
Jan 26, 2022 DJE Holdings to Acquire Mustache Boutique Content Agency Will Bolster Creative Production and Digital Expertise Read more Jun 01, 2021 Aston Martin Cognizant Formula One™ Team Shows Its Support for LGTBQ+ Community Across Pride Month in June; Announces Partnership with Racing Pride Read more May 12, 2021 Qlik Names Cognizant NA Systems Integrator of the Year Read more
The Future of Us
Communications How CSPs can optimize costs to prepare for future growth
Read the interactive report
Helping clients with multi-service needs become more efficient, compliant and digital.
LIFE SCIENCES Digital tech reduces processing time by 90% and manual effort by 50% Learn more
Explore the intel
Imagine a business that can act with human insight Make your business more intuitive. Get ahead faster
Banking Automating payment disputes: 3 key considerations Communications How CSPs can optimize costs to prepare for future growth Healthcare Time to make apps: The 2023 voice of the member survey Life sciences The metaverse in life sciences: Seize the opportunity Manufacturing Manufacturers must innovate despite uncertainty Retail Say goodbye to the checkout line
TO NEXT SECTION
PRESS ROOM In the news Jan 26, 2022 DJE Holdings to Acquire Mustache Boutique Content Agency Will Bolster Creative Production and Digital Expertise Read more Jun 01, 2021 Aston Martin Cognizant Formula One™ Team Shows Its Support for LGTBQ+ Community Across Pride Month in June; Announces Partnership with Racing Pride Read more May 12, 2021 Qlik Names Cognizant NA Systems Integrator of the Year Read more Check us out See all Cognizant news Stay on top of what's happening across Cognizant. Read more
Anurag Sinha
Workforce strategies need a major overhaul
Themes Modern Business Sustainability and Resilience Tech to Watch Research Deep Green Future-Ready Cities The Future of Us The Future-Ready Business Benchmark The Metaverse The Work Ahead Explore Blog Case Studies Insights Podcasts
Study: Intelligent automation is #1 for boosting sustainability
Insights
Services
Media & entertainment Drive growth through optimized content value chains, superior experiences and maximized monetization opportunities.
Cognizant helps companies modernize technology, reimagine processes and transform experiences so they stay ahead in a fast-changing world.
Digital Strategy
How AI can power empathy in the workforce
Application Services & Modernization
WHITEPAPERS How technology companies deliver exceptional experiences Learn why business modernization is linked to experience and how organizations can build the ecosystems needed to support it. View report PODCAST How media companies can build a profitable streaming business Listen in as experts from AWS and Gracenote join Cognizant to discuss data’s role in creating content that keeps viewers coming back. Listen now PERSPECTIVES Speed to market is rooted in software engineering Failure encourages experimentation, and the act of experimentation breeds learning. View Perspectives
Building the smart campus, step by step
Actualités et communiqués de presse
Generative AI presents a significant change in humanity’s ability to apply specialized knowledge at unprecedented speed, breadth and scale. The possibilities are endless.
Imagine a business that can act with human insight Make your business more intuitive. Get ahead faster Hit play on business transformation Take advantage of our unique combination of bold thinking and practical know-how powered by Cognizant consulting services. Learn more Reinventing the world of work Generative AI will drive dramatic change across the enterprise and transform how work gets done. Learn how TO NEXT SECTION Carousal Ends
Careers • News • Investors | Worldwide Search Hungary Industries Services Insights About
BANKING & CAPITAL MARKETS Build on today’s successes to face tomorrow Banks, asset managers and financial intermediaries must focus on core modernization, personalization and rethinking the operating model. Read more
Listen now
Partnerships
See all Cognizant news Stay on top of what's happening across Cognizant.
Cloud Solutions
See what’s shaping the future of business—and how you can stay ahead in a fast-changing world.
Prioritize, focus and create a cycle of success
Engineering excellence We deliver excellence by hiring and partnering with the best in the business. TALENT Join our Talent Community Register with us to receive latest job openings tailored just for you. Sign up now SPONSORSHIPS A passion for innovation and performance We’re proud to partner with organizations that share our passion for innovating and taking performance—the human experience—to even greater heights. Learn more OUTREACH PROGRAM Building skills in the community The Cognizant Outreach program mobilizes our associates’ expertise and enthusiasm through volunteer work. Learn more
11.29.2023
Transform your finance and HR functions Cognizant’s Workday practice helps you drive exceptional customer experiences, increase productivity and innovate faster.
Artificial Intelligence
Evaluate your business’s future-readiness When everything feels like a priority, it’s hard to know where to focus. Evaluate your organization’s future-readiness with The Future-Ready Business Benchmark tool developed by Economist Impact and supported by Cognizant. Contact us
GENERATIVE AI How gen AI will change business as we know it Explore how the game-changing technology will orchestrate tasks, spur new ideas, sharpen decision making and unify the workplace. Read more SUSTAINABILITY & RESILIENCE Sustainability in business: Beyond ‘green,’ to deeply green Read more GENERATIVE AI Becoming ‘data ready’ for gen AI Read more The latest How modern data platforms can unlock hyper-personalization 11.29.2023 Read more How manufacturers can balance the sustainability equation 11.27.2023 Read more CRISPR gene editing has arrived. Here’s what that means 11.23.2023 Read more See all
Gouvernance
Nous contacter
Cognizant Delivery Centers
OUTREACH PROGRAM
Hit play on business transformation Take advantage of our unique combination of bold thinking and practical know-how powered by Cognizant consulting services. Learn more
INTUITIVE OPERATIONS
Market Leader for Communications, Media & Entertainment
Preparing for specific scenarios is no longer enough. Today, we must be ready for change at any time. Learn to read early warning signs, anticipate change before it happens and position your business to act in time and emerge on top.
Harness generative AI
Application Services & Modernization Artificial Intelligence Business Process Services Cloud Solutions Core Modernization
ASSURANCE La transformation numérique des centres de contacts réduit la DMT de 25 %
Automotive Banking Capital Markets Communications, Media & Technology Consumer Goods Education
The Metaverse
Consumers expect interactive experiences that blend content, community and commerce. Here's what it takes to deliver an all-inclusive CX.
Media and entertainment companies are deploying digital to better understand customers, improve their offerings and tackle emerging challenges.
Obtenez les réponses à vos questions
Evaluate your business’s future-readiness When everything feels like a priority, it’s hard to know where to focus. Evaluate your organization’s future-readiness with The Future-Ready Business Benchmark tool developed by Economist Impact and supported by Cognizant.
Faites progresser votre carrière et le monde dans lequel nous vivons
©2023 Cognizant, tous droits réservés
BUSINESS INTELLIGENCE Recently published insights WHITEPAPERS How technology companies deliver exceptional experiences Learn why business modernization is linked to experience and how organizations can build the ecosystems needed to support it. View report PODCAST How media companies can build a profitable streaming business Listen in as experts from AWS and Gracenote join Cognizant to discuss data’s role in creating content that keeps viewers coming back. Listen now PERSPECTIVES Speed to market is rooted in software engineering Failure encourages experimentation, and the act of experimentation breeds learning. View Perspectives
Oil & Gas Retail Transportation & Logistics Travel & Hospitality Utilities
Security
Focus Développement durable et résilience Modern business Tech to watch
Leadership
Explorer
Learn why business modernization is linked to experience and how organizations can build the ecosystems needed to support it.
processus
ENTREPRISE ET BUREAUX À propos de Cognizant
Join our Talent Community
Engineering excellence We deliver excellence by hiring and partnering with the best in the business.
Industries Communications, Media & Technology
Amplifying the value of generative AI Explore our four-part framework to ensuring optimal use of this powerful technology.
READY FOR ANYTHING What it means to be a modern business Play video
Multiple priorities
Modernisation des infrastructures et applications de base
LinkedIn
News & Press Releases
We’re proud to partner with organizations that share our passion for innovating and taking performance—the human experience—to even greater heights.
See all Cognizant news
Sign up now
Services de plateforme d'entreprise Services de processus métiers Services et modernisation des applications Solutions cloud Stratégie digitale
Tender and deal management: The journey to excellence
Viser l’excellence Nous offrons des services hors pair grâce à notre politique de recrutement et de partenariats avec les experts du secteur. DISTINCTION Cognizant parmi les entreprises américaines les plus innovantes Nous sommes reconnus pour notre culture d’innovation, notre innovation en matière de processus et notre innovation produit par Fortune et Statista, Inc.  En savoir plus DISTINCTION Cognizant reconnu « Leader » de l’écosystème Salesforce Cognizant figure parmi les leaders du rapport ISG Provider Lens™ 2023 sur les partenaires de l’écosystème Salesforce sur les marchés américain, britannique, allemand et français. Lire le rapport DISTINCTION « Leader » du classement PEAK Matrix® Enterprise QA 2022 En tant que « Leader » de l'évaluation PEAK Matrix® d'Everest Group, Cognizant devance 32 fournisseurs pour son impact sur le marché des services d'assurance qualité d'entreprise. Lire le rapport
Communications, médias et technologie
How India’s top talent can thrive in the next decade
Building skills in the community
79% of our study’s respondents rated process automation as effective in advancing their sustainability strategy. How can other businesses catch up?
What does future-readiness look like today?
Hit play on business transformation
Cognizant parmi les entreprises américaines les plus innovantes
Insights Insights Blog Contact Featured Emerging tech Deep dives Industry reads Tech in action Featured articles GENERATIVE AI How gen AI will change business as we know it Explore how the game-changing technology will orchestrate tasks, spur new ideas, sharpen decision making and unify the workplace. Read more SUSTAINABILITY & RESILIENCE Sustainability in business: Beyond ‘green,’ to deeply green Read more GENERATIVE AI Becoming ‘data ready’ for gen AI Read more The latest How modern data platforms can unlock hyper-personalization 11.29.2023 Read more How manufacturers can balance the sustainability equation 11.27.2023 Read more CRISPR gene editing has arrived. Here’s what that means 11.23.2023 Read more See all Evolving challenges, emerging tech Understand the transformative impact of emerging technologies on today’s most significant global challenges. What to know about the new LiFi networking standard Sustainable farming, with a digital twist How today’s AI can unlock yesterday’s secrets Floating solar platforms are green energy’s next big thing Deep dives See what’s shaping the future of business—and how you can stay ahead in a fast-changing world. Amplifying the value of generative AI Explore our four-part framework to ensuring optimal use of this powerful technology. How higher education can ace the net zero exam How AI can power empathy in the workforce Payers must add the digital features members want Tender and deal management: The journey to excellence How auto manufacturers can upshift into the future Generative AI: boundless potential at our fingertips Industry reads Every industry has its own challenges and opportunities. Discover how players in your industry thrive through smart technology choices and deployment. Banking Automating payment disputes: 3 key considerations Communications How CSPs can optimize costs to prepare for future growth Healthcare Time to make apps: The 2023 voice of the member survey Life sciences The metaverse in life sciences: Seize the opportunity Manufacturing Manufacturers must innovate despite uncertainty Retail Say goodbye to the checkout line Technology in action Get actionable insights that help you strategically apply and implement technology to address your pressing needs and seize opportunities. ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE Unlocking digital success with data modernization Discover why data modernization can boost productivity by up to 60% and how to leverage it to unlock digital success in this tech-driven era. Read more INTELLIGENT AUTOMATION Study: Intelligent automation is #1 for boosting sustainability 79% of our study’s respondents rated process automation as effective in advancing their sustainability strategy. How can other businesses catch up? Read more DIGITAL EXPERIENCE How to put customers first and increase brand value Check out our three keys to overcoming obstacles to better CX and how you can achieve better ROI on CX investments. Read more
Education
IoT
Healthcare organizations face a delicate balancing act. They must improve experiences and protect data privacy while satisfying the needs of emerging data-hungry apps—all within increasingly complex regulatory environments.
Generate insights you can monetize. Partner with our team to modernize data and create platforms that deliver a compelling CX.
Career Seekers
Application Services & Modernization Artificial Intelligence Business Process Services Cloud Solutions Core Modernization Digital Experience Digital Strategy Enterprise Platform Services Infrastructure Services Intelligent Process Automation Internet of Things Quality Engineering & Assurance Security Software Product Engineering Sustainability Services
Éducation
expériences
READY FOR ANYTHING
Amérique du Nord
YouTube
Register with us to receive latest job openings tailored just for you.
Future-ready means AI-ready
Obtenez les réponses à vos questions Nos clients font appel à nous pour les aider à repenser leur utilisation des technologies.
Drive your career forward. Fast. Browse job listings
SAP Digital Migrez vers SAP S/4HANA pour devenir une entreprise intelligente, du back-end au front-end.
LinkedIn Twitter Facebook Instagram Youtube
The Work Ahead
DIGITAL EXPERIENCE
Insurers are experiencing a massive wave of change—from complex regulatory environments to rapidly evolving consumer expectations. Explore how modernizing data strategies and forming new partnerships help them stay future fit.
carousel starts READY FOR ANYTHING What it means to be a modern business Play video carousel ends
What to know about the new LiFi networking standard Sustainable farming, with a digital twist How today’s AI can unlock yesterday’s secrets Floating solar platforms are green energy’s next big thing
Ready for anything: what it means to be a modern business Preparing for specific scenarios is no longer enough. Today, we must be ready for change at any time. Learn to read early warning signs, anticipate change before it happens and position your business to act in time and emerge on top. Read the interactive report
Entreprise*
Objet de la requête*
LIFE SCIENCES
SAP Digital Migrez vers SAP S/4HANA pour devenir une entreprise intelligente, du back-end au front-end. Assurance et Ingénierie Qualité Réinventez l'assurance qualité en utilisant une approche globale basée sur un écosystème doté de processus d'assurance qualité intelligents et automatisés.
Réinventer le monde du travail
RESULTS A leading software company
Get answers to your questions
About us
Français
Marchés de capitaux
HEALTHCARE
Culture et valeurs
Suisse
LinkedIn Twitter Facebook Instagram YouTube Sitemap Terms Privacy Notice Cookie Notice ©2023 Cognizant, all rights reserved
Imaginez une entreprise capable d’agir avec la perspicacité humaine
Careers • News • Events • Investors | Worldwide Search Industries Services Insights About
How manufacturers can balance the sustainability equation 11.27.2023
technologies
Turn customer journeys into predictive insights Play video carousel ends
Ajmal Noorani
Transform your finance and HR functions
Sustainability and Resilience
Amplifying the value of generative AI
Sustainability in business: Beyond ‘green,’ to deeply green
The metaverse in life sciences: Seize the opportunity
MODERN OPERATIONS Seizing opportunities for future-ready businesses Operations is experiencing an identity shift from back-office management of routine tasks to a strategic source of innovation and competitive advantage. Businesses have discovered that the only way to embrace the new is to ensure that the processes are built for simplicity, elegance, and ingenuity. Learn more
DISTINCTION Cognizant parmi les entreprises américaines les plus innovantes Nous sommes reconnus pour notre culture d’innovation, notre innovation en matière de processus et notre innovation produit par Fortune et Statista, Inc.  En savoir plus DISTINCTION Cognizant reconnu « Leader » de l’écosystème Salesforce Cognizant figure parmi les leaders du rapport ISG Provider Lens™ 2023 sur les partenaires de l’écosystème Salesforce sur les marchés américain, britannique, allemand et français. Lire le rapport DISTINCTION « Leader » du classement PEAK Matrix® Enterprise QA 2022 En tant que « Leader » de l'évaluation PEAK Matrix® d'Everest Group, Cognizant devance 32 fournisseurs pour son impact sur le marché des services d'assurance qualité d'entreprise. Lire le rapport
DISTINCTION Cognizant parmi les entreprises américaines les plus innovantes Nous sommes reconnus pour notre culture d’innovation, notre innovation en matière de processus et notre innovation produit par Fortune et Statista, Inc.  En savoir plus
Assurance et ingénierie qualité Automatisation intelligente des processus Data et Intelligence artificielle Expérience digitale Ingénierie de produits logiciels IoT Modernisation des infrastructures et applications de base Sécurité Services d'infrastructure IT Services de durabilité Services de plateforme d'entreprise Services de processus métiers Services et modernisation des applications Solutions cloud Stratégie digitale
Communications Partner with our team for software solutions that power smart networks, speed time to market and drive business-to-vertical industry capabilities. Media & entertainment Drive growth through optimized content value chains, superior experiences and maximized monetization opportunities. Technology Generate insights you can monetize. Partner with our team to modernize data and create platforms that deliver a compelling CX.
BUSINESS INTELLIGENCE
What it means to be a modern business
How manufacturers can balance the sustainability equation 11.27.2023 Read more
Insights Modern Business
Tourisme et hôtellerie
How modern data platforms can unlock hyper-personalization
India
Cognizant Suisse Découvrez comment Cognizant modernise les entreprises ENTREPRISE ET BUREAUX À propos de Cognizant ASSURANCE La transformation numérique des centres de contacts réduit la DMT de 25 % UTILITIES Uniper accélère son processus décisionnel avec la découverte intuitive des données À PROPOS Les professionnelles de la tech
Uniper accélère son processus décisionnel avec la découverte intuitive des données
Expérience digitale
Travel & Hospitality
PERSPECTIVES
LinkedIn Twitter Facebook Instagram Youtube Plan du site Conditions Avis de confidentialité Politique relative aux cookies ©2023 Cognizant, tous droits réservés
By the numbers
Rapport annuel
DRIVEN BY RESULTS Turn data into insight. Partner with our teams to deepen engagement and modernize operations. RESULTS TELUS Health RESULTS The English Football Association RESULTS Effectv, Comcast's ad sales division, RESULTS A digital advertising agency RESULTS A leading software company RESULTS Broadband provider
Case studies
MODERN OPERATIONS Seizing opportunities for future-ready businesses Operations is experiencing an identity shift from back-office management of routine tasks to a strategic source of innovation and competitive advantage. Businesses have discovered that the only way to embrace the new is to ensure that the processes are built for simplicity, elegance, and ingenuity. Learn more TECHNOLOGY New technology is not a guarantee of value A value challenge looms as businesses struggle to realize returns from new technology investments. And we see transformation drivers like IoT, cloud and AI rapidly becoming table stakes, making room for emerging technologies like blockchain, quantum computing and robotics to uncover new possibilities. Learn more TALENT Workforce strategies need a major overhaul While many see a shrinking labor pool as the main issue facing talent management, the reality is that companies are falling short in preparing people for the future of work. Explore how focusing on technology without fully investing in the people behind it creates barriers to future readiness. Learn more ENVIRONMENT, SOCIAL, GOVERNANCE Close the gap between ESG commitments and action 90% of decision makers agree you can’t be a modern business without a cohesive ESG strategy. But there’s a huge disconnect between actual plans and real action—a gap that must close as customers, employees, investors and regulators increasingly scrutinize ESG progress and begin holding companies more accountable. Learn more
Prioritize, focus and create a cycle of success Restructure core elements of your business to be self-supporting and interconnected across technology, talent and ESG.
Featured Emerging tech Deep dives Industry reads Tech in action
How CSPs can optimize costs to prepare for future growth
RESULTS
Research
Secteurs d'activité Services Insights À propos
Talents dans le monde
How manufacturers can balance the sustainability equation
COMMUNICATIONS, MEDIA & TECHNOLOGY MANAGEMENT
DISTINCTION
How modern data platforms can unlock hyper-personalization 11.29.2023 Read more
Industries Automotive Banking Capital Markets Communications, Media & Technology Consumer Goods Education Healthcare Information Services Insurance Life Sciences Manufacturing Oil & Gas Retail Transportation & Logistics Travel & Hospitality Utilities Services Application Services & Modernization Artificial Intelligence Business Process Services Cloud Solutions Core Modernization Digital Experience Digital Strategy Enterprise Application Services Infrastructure Services Intelligent Process Automation Internet of Things Quality Engineering & Assurance Security Software Product Engineering Sustainability Services Consulting Insights Themes Modern Business Sustainability and Resilience Tech to Watch Research Deep Green The Future of Us The Future-Ready Business Benchmark The Green Rush The Metaverse The Work Ahead Explore Blog Case Studies Insights Podcasts About Cognizant Annual Report Be.Cognizant Board of Directors Client Briefing Program Contact Us Corporate Governance Culture & Values Diversity & Inclusion ESG Leadership Team News & Press Releases Partnerships Public Policy Sponsorships Talent Worldwide Glossary Information for Suppliers
Careers • News • Investors | Worldwide Search Hungary Industries Services Insights About Carousal Starts Imagine a business that can act with human insight Make your business more intuitive. Get ahead faster Hit play on business transformation Take advantage of our unique combination of bold thinking and practical know-how powered by Cognizant consulting services. Learn more TO NEXT SECTION Carousal Ends Cognizant helps companies modernize technology, reimagine processes and transform experiences so they stay ahead in a fast-changing world. Drive your career forward. Fast. Browse job listings Cognizant Hungary Helping clients with multi-service needs become more efficient, compliant and digital. Located in Budapest, Cognizant’s longest running Delivery Center supports approximately 50 clients across all industries through a multi-lingual infrastructure. We have a highly skilled workforce with a good mix of senior professionals and millennials. We offer the scale and the level of support in the languages required by your business. We continuously improve businesses and ensure new ways of working. Cognizant Delivery Centers See how Cognizant engineers your modern business. OUR COMPANY AND CULTURE About us WHERE TO FIND US Our Centers Future-ready means AI-ready Get five recommendations on how to build future-readiness into your enterprise, with AI as a driving force of your success. Explore the intel Engineering excellence We deliver excellence by hiring and partnering with the best in the business. TALENT Join our Talent Community Register with us to receive latest job openings tailored just for you. Sign up now SPONSORSHIPS A passion for innovation and performance We’re proud to partner with organizations that share our passion for innovating and taking performance—the human experience—to even greater heights. Learn more OUTREACH PROGRAM Building skills in the community The Cognizant Outreach program mobilizes our associates’ expertise and enthusiasm through volunteer work. Learn more Transform your finance and HR functions Cognizant’s Workday practice helps you drive exceptional customer experiences, increase productivity and innovate faster. Learn more News See all Cognizant news Get answers to your questions Our clients turn to us to help them reimagine ways of working with technology. Name* Email* Organization* Contact Number* Region* North America South America Europe Middle East APAC India Inquiry Type* Alumni Career Seekers Investor Relations Media Partners Request for Services Message Submit This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. LinkedIn Twitter Facebook Instagram YouTube Sitemap Terms Privacy Notice Cookie Notice ©2023 Cognizant, all rights reserved Industries Automotive Banking Capital Markets Communications, Media & Technology Consumer Goods Education Healthcare Information Services Insurance Life Sciences Manufacturing Oil & Gas Retail Transportation & Logistics Travel & Hospitality Utilities Services Application Services & Modernization Artificial Intelligence Business Process Services Cloud Solutions Core Modernization Digital Experience Digital Strategy Enterprise Application Services Infrastructure Services Intelligent Process Automation Internet of Things Quality Engineering & Assurance Security Software Product Engineering Sustainability Services Consulting Insights Themes Modern Business Sustainability and Resilience Tech to Watch Research Deep Green The Future of Us The Future-Ready Business Benchmark The Green Rush The Metaverse The Work Ahead Explore Blog Case Studies Insights Podcasts About Cognizant Annual Report Be.Cognizant Board of Directors Client Briefing Program Contact Us Corporate Governance Culture & Values Diversity & Inclusion ESG Leadership Team News & Press Releases Partnerships Public Policy Sponsorships Talent Worldwide Glossary Information for Suppliers Back to top
Internet of Things
*Disclaimer The views and opinions expressed on this page are those of Cognizant and do not necessarily reflect the view and policies of Economist Impact. Data presented is from an Economist Impact executive survey, supported by Cognizant, conducted in 2022.
About
Core Modernization
About Cognizant
Recently published insights
What does future-readiness look like today? Businesses that take a proactive approach will be better prepared to capture value from emerging opportunities. Learn more about what your peers and competitors are doing to ensure they’re ready for anything.
Industrie du pétrole et du gaz
See all
Technology in action
A leading software company
technology
Découvrez comment Cognizant modernise les entreprises
LinkedIn Twitter Facebook Instagram YouTube Sitemap Terms Privacy Notice Cookie Notice ©2023 Cognizant, all rights reserved Industries Automotive Banking Capital Markets Communications, Media & Technology Consumer Goods Education Healthcare Information Services Insurance Life Sciences Manufacturing Oil & Gas Retail Transportation & Logistics Travel & Hospitality Utilities Services Application Services & Modernization Artificial Intelligence Business Process Services Cloud Solutions Core Modernization Digital Experience Digital Strategy Enterprise Application Services Infrastructure Services Intelligent Process Automation Internet of Things Quality Engineering & Assurance Security Software Product Engineering Sustainability Services Consulting Insights Themes Modern Business Sustainability and Resilience Tech to Watch Research Deep Green The Future of Us The Future-Ready Business Benchmark The Green Rush The Metaverse The Work Ahead Explore Blog Case Studies Insights Podcasts About Cognizant Annual Report Be.Cognizant Board of Directors Client Briefing Program Contact Us Corporate Governance Culture & Values Diversity & Inclusion ESG Leadership Team News & Press Releases Partnerships Public Policy Sponsorships Talent Worldwide Glossary Information for Suppliers
Read more
PODCAST How media companies can build a profitable streaming business Listen in as experts from AWS and Gracenote join Cognizant to discuss data’s role in creating content that keeps viewers coming back. Listen now PERSPECTIVES Speed to market is rooted in software engineering Failure encourages experimentation, and the act of experimentation breeds learning. View Perspectives
North America
Réinventez l'assurance qualité en utilisant une approche globale basée sur un écosystème doté de processus d'assurance qualité intelligents et automatisés.
À propos
Sitemap
Engineering excellence
Facebook
How technology companies deliver exceptional experiences
Learn how
In the news Jan 26, 2022 DJE Holdings to Acquire Mustache Boutique Content Agency Will Bolster Creative Production and Digital Expertise Read more Jun 01, 2021 Aston Martin Cognizant Formula One™ Team Shows Its Support for LGTBQ+ Community Across Pride Month in June; Announces Partnership with Racing Pride Read more May 12, 2021 Qlik Names Cognizant NA Systems Integrator of the Year Read more Check us out See all Cognizant news Stay on top of what's happening across Cognizant. Read more
Automotive Banking Capital Markets Communications, Media & Technology Consumer Goods Education Healthcare Information Services Insurance Life Sciences Manufacturing Oil & Gas Retail Transportation & Logistics Travel & Hospitality Utilities
Sustainability Services
Médias
Privacy Policy
Objet de la requête* Alumni Carrière Investisseur Médias Partenaires Demande de services
ESG
Transport et logistique
Partenariats
Capital Markets
Multiple priorities highlight the challenge of becoming future-ready
Learn more
Serving customers by looking forward as well as back is a big promise, but the power of today’s new digital capabilities is vast and growing.
Imagine anticipating change and acting before your competition does. Imagine confidently making data-driven decisions at the perfect time. Imagine always being relevant to your customers.
Culture & Values
The latest How modern data platforms can unlock hyper-personalization 11.29.2023 Read more How manufacturers can balance the sustainability equation 11.27.2023 Read more CRISPR gene editing has arrived. Here’s what that means 11.23.2023 Read more See all
Partenaires
Réinventer le monde du travail L’IA générative transformera fondamentalement les entreprises et les modes d’exécution du travail. En savoir plus
Assurance Banque Biens de consommation Commodities Trading Communications, médias et technologie Distribution
Cognizant figure parmi les leaders du rapport ISG Provider Lens™ 2023 sur les partenaires de l’écosystème Salesforce sur les marchés américain, britannique, allemand et français.
Cognizant’s Workday practice helps you drive exceptional customer experiences, increase productivity and innovate faster.
Careers • News • Events • Investors | Worldwide Search Industries Services Insights About Insights Modern Business Contact Becoming future-ready Ready for anything: what it means to be a modern business Preparing for specific scenarios is no longer enough. Today, we must be ready for change at any time. Learn to read early warning signs, anticipate change before it happens and position your business to act in time and emerge on top. Read the interactive report Ready for anything Multiple priorities Where to focus A cycle of success Industry trends By the numbers Case studies Future-ready equals mastering AI Explore the five essential areas to achieve AI mastery in this new report based on research developed in collaboration with the Economist. Read the interactive report carousel starts READY FOR ANYTHING What it means to be a modern business Play video carousel ends Is your business future-ready? Today’s businesses can all count on one thing: uncertainty. From supply chain disruption to global climate and health crises to talent shortages—the priorities you focus on today will determine if you are truly future-ready. But within this challenge is an opportunity to reimagine foundational elements—technology, talent, ESG—all key aspects to making your business capable of staying ahead of emerging expectations and competitors. Find out how business leaders like you are preparing for tomorrow’s challenges in Ready for Anything: What It Means to Be a Modern Business, which includes our perspectives on research conducted by Economist Impact and supported by Cognizant. Multiple priorities highlight the challenge of becoming future-ready Explore what it means to be perpetually future-ready and what it takes to build foundations for long-term success. Get insights from a survey of 2,000 senior business leaders about where to focus to understand what you need to do now. Read the eBook Evaluate your business’s future-readiness When everything feels like a priority, it’s hard to know where to focus. Evaluate your organization’s future-readiness with The Future-Ready Business Benchmark tool developed by Economist Impact and supported by Cognizant. Contact us THE FUTURE-READY BUSINESS BENCHMARK Can you beat your competition to the future? Play video Prioritize, focus and create a cycle of success Restructure core elements of your business to be self-supporting and interconnected across technology, talent and ESG. MODERN OPERATIONS Seizing opportunities for future-ready businesses Operations is experiencing an identity shift from back-office management of routine tasks to a strategic source of innovation and competitive advantage. Businesses have discovered that the only way to embrace the new is to ensure that the processes are built for simplicity, elegance, and ingenuity. Learn more TECHNOLOGY New technology is not a guarantee of value A value challenge looms as businesses struggle to realize returns from new technology investments. And we see transformation drivers like IoT, cloud and AI rapidly becoming table stakes, making room for emerging technologies like blockchain, quantum computing and robotics to uncover new possibilities. Learn more TALENT Workforce strategies need a major overhaul While many see a shrinking labor pool as the main issue facing talent management, the reality is that companies are falling short in preparing people for the future of work. Explore how focusing on technology without fully investing in the people behind it creates barriers to future readiness. Learn more ENVIRONMENT, SOCIAL, GOVERNANCE Close the gap between ESG commitments and action 90% of decision makers agree you can’t be a modern business without a cohesive ESG strategy. But there’s a huge disconnect between actual plans and real action—a gap that must close as customers, employees, investors and regulators increasingly scrutinize ESG progress and begin holding companies more accountable. Learn more The key to perpetual relevance: intuition Imagine anticipating change and acting before your competition does. Imagine confidently making data-driven decisions at the perfect time. Imagine always being relevant to your customers. That’s the power and promise of intuition. Learn more INDUSTRY TRENDS What does future-readiness look like today? Businesses that take a proactive approach will be better prepared to capture value from emerging opportunities. Learn more about what your peers and competitors are doing to ensure they’re ready for anything. Carousel starts BANKING & CAPITAL MARKETS Build on today’s successes to face tomorrow Banks, asset managers and financial intermediaries must focus on core modernization, personalization and rethinking the operating model. Read more HEALTHCARE Walking a fine line between data, privacy and regulation Healthcare organizations face a delicate balancing act. They must improve experiences and protect data privacy while satisfying the needs of emerging data-hungry apps—all within increasingly complex regulatory environments. Read more INSURANCE Managing constant change with ongoing transformation Insurers are experiencing a massive wave of change—from complex regulatory environments to rapidly evolving consumer expectations. Explore how modernizing data strategies and forming new partnerships help them stay future fit. Read more Carousel ends How India’s top talent can thrive in the next decade Closing critical skills gaps will elevate India’s talent model and prepare for innovation and enterprise demand. Learn more Case studies HEALTHCARE AI drives smarter decisions and faster problem solving Learn more LIFE SCIENCES Digital tech reduces processing time by 90% and manual effort by 50% Learn more INSURANCE Cloud-based automation processes claims 600x faster with 8x ROI Learn more *Disclaimer The views and opinions expressed on this page are those of Cognizant and do not necessarily reflect the view and policies of Economist Impact. Data presented is from an Economist Impact executive survey, supported by Cognizant, conducted in 2022.  LinkedIn Twitter Facebook Instagram YouTube Sitemap Terms Privacy Notice Cookie Notice ©2023 Cognizant, all rights reserved Industries Automotive Banking Capital Markets Communications, Media & Technology Consumer Goods Education Healthcare Information Services Insurance Life Sciences Manufacturing Oil & Gas Retail Transportation & Logistics Travel & Hospitality Utilities Services Application Services & Modernization Artificial Intelligence Business Process Services Cloud Solutions Core Modernization Digital Experience Digital Strategy Enterprise Platform Services Infrastructure Services Intelligent Process Automation Internet of Things Quality Engineering & Assurance Security Software Product Engineering Sustainability Services Consulting Insights Themes Modern Business Sustainability and Resilience Tech to Watch Research Deep Green Future-Ready Cities The Future of Us The Future-Ready Business Benchmark The Metaverse The Work Ahead Explore Blog Case Studies Insights Podcasts About Cognizant Annual Report Be.Cognizant Board of Directors Client Briefing Program Contact Us Corporate Governance Culture & Values Diversity & Inclusion ESG Leadership Team News & Press Releases Partnerships Public Policy Sponsorships Talent Worldwide Glossary Information for Suppliers Back to top
ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE Unlocking digital success with data modernization Discover why data modernization can boost productivity by up to 60% and how to leverage it to unlock digital success in this tech-driven era. Read more
TELUS Health
Obtenez les réponses à vos questions Nos clients font appel à nous pour les aider à repenser leur utilisation des technologies. Nom* E-mail* Entreprise* Numéro de téléphone* Zone géographique* Amérique du Nord Amérique du Sud Europe Moyen-Orient Asie-Pacifique Inde Objet de la requête* Alumni Carrière Investisseur Médias Partenaires Demande de services Votre message Envoyer Ce site est protégé par reCAPTCHA et la Politique de confidentialité et les Conditions d'utilisation de Google s'appliquent.
Today’s businesses can all count on one thing: uncertainty. From supply chain disruption to global climate and health crises to talent shortages—the priorities you focus on today will determine if you are truly future-ready.
INDUSTRY TRENDS
Consumer Goods
Inquiry Type* Alumni Career Seekers Investor Relations Media Partners Request for Services
Faites progresser votre carrière et le monde dans lequel nous vivons Renforcer en permanence vos connaissances techniques, votre capacité à résoudre des problèmes et votre esprit d’entreprise. Rejoignez Cognizant, et aidez-nous à changer le quotidien de tous. Parcourir les offres d'emploi
Biens de consommation
Tech in action
Carousel starts
carousel ends
Delivering on the digital imperative
Check us out
Careers • News • Investors | Worldwide Search
CRISPR gene editing has arrived. Here’s what that means
Investor Relations
Becoming future-ready Ready for anything: what it means to be a modern business Preparing for specific scenarios is no longer enough. Today, we must be ready for change at any time. Learn to read early warning signs, anticipate change before it happens and position your business to act in time and emerge on top. Read the interactive report
UTILITIES
Carousal Starts Imaginez une entreprise capable d’agir avec la perspicacité humaine Développez l’intuition dans votre entreprise. En savoir plus Lancez votre transformation d’entreprise Profitez d'un savant mélange de réflexion audacieuse et de savoir-faire pratique avec les Services de conseil de Cognizant. En savoir plus Réinventer le monde du travail L’IA générative transformera fondamentalement les entreprises et les modes d’exécution du travail. En savoir plus TO NEXT SECTION Carousal Ends
Contact
Assurance et ingénierie qualité
View report
How modern data platforms can unlock hyper-personalization 11.29.2023
Modern business
Name* Email* Organization* Contact Number* Region* North America South America Europe Middle East APAC India Inquiry Type* Alumni Career Seekers Investor Relations Media Partners Request for Services
Themes Modern Business Sustainability and Resilience Tech to Watch
Banque
In the news
Future-ready means AI-ready Get five recommendations on how to build future-readiness into your enterprise, with AI as a driving force of your success. Explore the intel
Build on today’s successes to face tomorrow
Reinventing the world of work
Votre message Envoyer
Lancez votre transformation d’entreprise
Application Services & Modernization Artificial Intelligence Business Process Services Cloud Solutions Core Modernization Digital Experience Digital Strategy Enterprise Application Services Infrastructure Services Intelligent Process Automation Internet of Things Quality Engineering & Assurance Security Software Product Engineering Sustainability Services
INSURANCE Managing constant change with ongoing transformation Insurers are experiencing a massive wave of change—from complex regulatory environments to rapidly evolving consumer expectations. Explore how modernizing data strategies and forming new partnerships help them stay future fit. Read more
Alumni
Distribution
Enterprise Platform Services
The Green Rush
RESULTS Effectv, Comcast's ad sales division,
Email*
WHERE TO FIND US Our Centers
Youtube
THOUGHT LEADERSHIP
Industries Communications, Media & Technology Contact
WHERE TO FIND US
Oil & Gas
WHITEPAPERS How technology companies deliver exceptional experiences Learn why business modernization is linked to experience and how organizations can build the ecosystems needed to support it. View report
Inde
Français Carrières • Actualités • Investisseurs | Nos bureaux Search
Name* Email* Organization* Contact Number* Region* North America South America Europe Middle East APAC India Inquiry Type* Alumni Career Seekers Investor Relations Media Partners Request for Services Message Submit
The latest
Time to make apps: The 2023 voice of the member survey
Explore what it means to be perpetually future-ready and what it takes to build foundations for long-term success. Get insights from a survey of 2,000 senior business leaders about where to focus to understand what you need to do now.
About Cognizant Annual Report Be.Cognizant Board of Directors Client Briefing Program Contact Us Corporate Governance Culture & Values Diversity & Inclusion ESG Leadership Team News & Press Releases Partnerships Public Policy Sponsorships Talent Worldwide Glossary Information for Suppliers
Communications
Be.Cognizant
Discover why data modernization can boost productivity by up to 60% and how to leverage it to unlock digital success in this tech-driven era.
New technology is not a guarantee of value
Get ahead faster
Why convergence is the next big thing for media companies and how to deliver it Consumers expect interactive experiences that blend content, community and commerce. Here's what it takes to deliver an all-inclusive CX. View blog
Consulting
Actualités et communiqués de presse Be.Cognizant Client Briefing Program Conseil d’admin. Culture et valeurs Diversité et inclusion Équipe de direction ESG Gouvernance Nous contacter Parrainages Partenariats Politique publique Rapport annuel Talents dans le monde
Internet of Things Quality Engineering & Assurance Security Software Product Engineering Sustainability Services
Digital Experience Digital Strategy Enterprise Platform Services Infrastructure Services Intelligent Process Automation
Politique de confidentialité
Glossaire
ENVIRONMENT, SOCIAL, GOVERNANCE Close the gap between ESG commitments and action 90% of decision makers agree you can’t be a modern business without a cohesive ESG strategy. But there’s a huge disconnect between actual plans and real action—a gap that must close as customers, employees, investors and regulators increasingly scrutinize ESG progress and begin holding companies more accountable. Learn more
11.27.2023
Industries Automotive Banking Capital Markets Communications, Media & Technology Consumer Goods Education Healthcare Information Services Insurance Life Sciences Manufacturing Oil & Gas Retail Transportation & Logistics Travel & Hospitality Utilities Services Application Services & Modernization Artificial Intelligence Business Process Services Cloud Solutions Core Modernization Digital Experience Digital Strategy Enterprise Platform Services Infrastructure Services Intelligent Process Automation Internet of Things Quality Engineering & Assurance Security Software Product Engineering Sustainability Services Consulting Insights Themes Modern Business Sustainability and Resilience Tech to Watch Research Deep Green Future-Ready Cities The Future of Us The Future-Ready Business Benchmark The Metaverse The Work Ahead Explore Blog Case Studies Insights Podcasts About Cognizant Annual Report Be.Cognizant Board of Directors Client Briefing Program Contact Us Corporate Governance Culture & Values Diversity & Inclusion ESG Leadership Team News & Press Releases Partnerships Public Policy Sponsorships Talent Worldwide Glossary Information for Suppliers
Leadership Team
Glossary
Industries
Focus Développement durable et résilience Modern business Tech to watch Recherche Deep Green Le métavers The Future of Us The Future-Ready Business Benchmark The Green Rush The Work Ahead Explorer Blog Cas clients Insights Podcasts
Submit
Explore
Evaluate your business’s future-readiness
OUTREACH PROGRAM Building skills in the community The Cognizant Outreach program mobilizes our associates’ expertise and enthusiasm through volunteer work. Learn more
Turn customer journeys into predictive insights Play video
Cognizant reconnu « Leader » de l’écosystème Salesforce
Our clients turn to us to help them reimagine ways of working with technology.
Can you beat your competition to the future?
RESULTS The English Football Association
Cognizant Suisse Découvrez comment Cognizant modernise les entreprises
Français Carrières • Actualités • Investisseurs | Nos bureaux Search Suisse Secteurs d'activité Services Insights À propos Carousal Starts Imaginez une entreprise capable d’agir avec la perspicacité humaine Développez l’intuition dans votre entreprise. En savoir plus Lancez votre transformation d’entreprise Profitez d'un savant mélange de réflexion audacieuse et de savoir-faire pratique avec les Services de conseil de Cognizant. En savoir plus TO NEXT SECTION Carousal Ends Cognizant aide les entreprises à moderniser leurs technologies, repenser leurs processus et transformer leurs expériences pour rester à la pointe dans un monde en constante évolution. Prêt pour l’IA, prêt pour demain Nos 5 conseils pour faire avancer votre entreprise dans la bonne direction avec l’IA comme moteur. En savoir plus Cognizant Suisse Découvrez comment Cognizant modernise les entreprises ENTREPRISE ET BUREAUX À propos de Cognizant ASSURANCE La transformation numérique des centres de contacts réduit la DMT de 25 % UTILITIES Uniper accélère son processus décisionnel avec la découverte intuitive des données À PROPOS Les professionnelles de la tech EXPERTISE APPROFONDIE Services SAP Digital Migrez vers SAP S/4HANA pour devenir une entreprise intelligente, du back-end au front-end. Assurance et Ingénierie Qualité Réinventez l'assurance qualité en utilisant une approche globale basée sur un écosystème doté de processus d'assurance qualité intelligents et automatisés. Viser l’excellence Nous offrons des services hors pair grâce à notre politique de recrutement et de partenariats avec les experts du secteur. DISTINCTION Cognizant parmi les entreprises américaines les plus innovantes Nous sommes reconnus pour notre culture d’innovation, notre innovation en matière de processus et notre innovation produit par Fortune et Statista, Inc.  En savoir plus DISTINCTION Cognizant reconnu « Leader » de l’écosystème Salesforce Cognizant figure parmi les leaders du rapport ISG Provider Lens™ 2023 sur les partenaires de l’écosystème Salesforce sur les marchés américain, britannique, allemand et français. Lire le rapport DISTINCTION « Leader » du classement PEAK Matrix® Enterprise QA 2022 En tant que « Leader » de l'évaluation PEAK Matrix® d'Everest Group, Cognizant devance 32 fournisseurs pour son impact sur le marché des services d'assurance qualité d'entreprise. Lire le rapport Faites progresser votre carrière et le monde dans lequel nous vivons Renforcer en permanence vos connaissances techniques, votre capacité à résoudre des problèmes et votre esprit d’entreprise. Rejoignez Cognizant, et aidez-nous à changer le quotidien de tous. Parcourir les offres d'emploi Obtenez les réponses à vos questions Nos clients font appel à nous pour les aider à repenser leur utilisation des technologies. Nom* E-mail* Entreprise* Numéro de téléphone* Zone géographique* Amérique du Nord Amérique du Sud Europe Moyen-Orient Asie-Pacifique Inde Objet de la requête* Alumni Carrière Investisseur Médias Partenaires Demande de services Votre message Envoyer Ce site est protégé par reCAPTCHA et la Politique de confidentialité et les Conditions d'utilisation de Google s'appliquent. LinkedIn Twitter Facebook Instagram Youtube Plan du site Conditions Avis de confidentialité Politique relative aux cookies ©2023 Cognizant, tous droits réservés Secteurs d'activité Assurance Banque Biens de consommation Commodities Trading Communications, médias et technologie Distribution Éducation Industrie Industrie automobile Industrie du pétrole et du gaz Information Life sciences Marchés de capitaux Santé Tourisme et hôtellerie Transport et logistique Utilities Services Assurance et ingénierie qualité Automatisation intelligente des processus Data et Intelligence artificielle Expérience digitale Ingénierie de produits logiciels IoT Modernisation des infrastructures et applications de base Sécurité Services d'infrastructure IT Services de durabilité Services de plateforme d'entreprise Services de processus métiers Services et modernisation des applications Solutions cloud Stratégie digitale Consulting Insights Focus Développement durable et résilience Modern business Tech to watch Recherche Deep Green Le métavers The Future of Us The Future-Ready Business Benchmark The Green Rush The Work Ahead Explorer Blog Cas clients Insights Podcasts À propos de Cognizant Actualités et communiqués de presse Be.Cognizant Client Briefing Program Conseil d’admin. Culture et valeurs Diversité et inclusion Équipe de direction ESG Gouvernance Nous contacter Parrainages Partenariats Politique publique Rapport annuel Talents dans le monde Glossaire Informations pour les fournisseurs Back to top
Digital Experience
Inquiry Type*
processes
Industries Automotive Banking Capital Markets Communications, Media & Technology Consumer Goods Education Healthcare Information Services Insurance Life Sciences Manufacturing Oil & Gas Retail Transportation & Logistics Travel & Hospitality Utilities Services Application Services & Modernization Artificial Intelligence Business Process Services Cloud Solutions Core Modernization Digital Experience Digital Strategy Enterprise Platform Services Infrastructure Services Intelligent Process Automation Internet of Things Quality Engineering & Assurance Security Software Product Engineering Sustainability Services Consulting Insights Themes Modern Business Sustainability and Resilience Tech to Watch Research Deep Green Future-Ready Cities The Future of Us The Future-Ready Business Benchmark The Metaverse The Work Ahead Explore Blog Case Studies Insights Podcasts
©2023 Cognizant, all rights reserved
11.23.2023
ENTREPRISE ET BUREAUX
THE FUTURE-READY BUSINESS BENCHMARK
Politique publique
Market Leader for Technology
How today’s AI can unlock yesterday’s secrets
PRESS ROOM
Design a better CX through software engineering
Zone géographique*
Healthcare Information Services Insurance Life Sciences Manufacturing
Technology in action Get actionable insights that help you strategically apply and implement technology to address your pressing needs and seize opportunities. ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE Unlocking digital success with data modernization Discover why data modernization can boost productivity by up to 60% and how to leverage it to unlock digital success in this tech-driven era. Read more INTELLIGENT AUTOMATION Study: Intelligent automation is #1 for boosting sustainability 79% of our study’s respondents rated process automation as effective in advancing their sustainability strategy. How can other businesses catch up? Read more DIGITAL EXPERIENCE How to put customers first and increase brand value Check out our three keys to overcoming obstacles to better CX and how you can achieve better ROI on CX investments. Read more
Recherche Deep Green Le métavers The Future of Us The Future-Ready Business Benchmark The Green Rush The Work Ahead
UTILITIES Uniper accélère son processus décisionnel avec la découverte intuitive des données
Carousal Starts Imagine a business that can act with human insight Get ahead faster Hit play on business transformation Learn more Reinventing the world of work Learn how TO NEXT SECTION Carousal Ends Cognizant helps companies modernize technology, reimagine processes and transform experiences so they stay ahead in a fast-changing world. Drive your career forward. Fast. Browse job listings Cognizant Hungary Helping clients with multi-service needs become more efficient, compliant and digital. Located in Budapest, Cognizant’s longest running Delivery Center supports approximately 50 clients across all industries through a multi-lingual infrastructure. We have a highly skilled workforce with a good mix of senior professionals and millennials. We offer the scale and the level of support in the languages required by your business. We continuously improve businesses and ensure new ways of working. Cognizant Delivery Centers See how Cognizant engineers your modern business. OUR COMPANY AND CULTURE About us WHERE TO FIND US Our Centers Future-ready means AI-ready Get five recommendations on how to build future-readiness into your enterprise, with AI as a driving force of your success. Explore the intel Engineering excellence We deliver excellence by hiring and partnering with the best in the business. TALENT Join our Talent Community Register with us to receive latest job openings tailored just for you. Sign up now SPONSORSHIPS A passion for innovation and performance We’re proud to partner with organizations that share our passion for innovating and taking performance—the human experience—to even greater heights. Learn more OUTREACH PROGRAM Building skills in the community The Cognizant Outreach program mobilizes our associates’ expertise and enthusiasm through volunteer work. Learn more Transform your finance and HR functions Cognizant’s Workday practice helps you drive exceptional customer experiences, increase productivity and innovate faster. Learn more News Nov 23, 2023 Cognizant selected by Alm. Brand Group to enable automation services Read more Nov 02, 2023 COGNIZANT REPORTS THIRD QUARTER 2023 RESULTS Read more Oct 31, 2023 Cognizant Launches Synapse Initiative to Provide Job Training to One Million Individuals Around the Globe Read more See all Cognizant news Get answers to your questions Our clients turn to us to help them reimagine ways of working with technology. Name* Email* Organization* Contact Number* Region* North America South America Europe Middle East APAC India Inquiry Type* Alumni Career Seekers Investor Relations Media Partners Request for Services Message Submit This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
Intelligent Process Automation
Board of Directors
Automatisation intelligente des processus
SUSTAINABILITY & RESILIENCE
Business Process Services
Browse job listings
RESULTS Broadband provider
Blog
Listen in as experts from AWS and Gracenote join Cognizant to discuss data’s role in creating content that keeps viewers coming back.
En savoir plus
Information Services
HEALTHCARE AI drives smarter decisions and faster problem solving Learn more
Speed to market is rooted in software engineering
Industries Services Insights About
Migrez vers SAP S/4HANA pour devenir une entreprise intelligente, du back-end au front-end.
Industrie automobile
Partner with our team for software solutions that power smart networks, speed time to market and drive business-to-vertical industry capabilities.
Explore how modern Business Process Services can help accelerate growth for communications, media and technology clients.
Life Sciences
Themes Modern Business Sustainability and Resilience Tech to Watch Research Deep Green The Future of Us The Future-Ready Business Benchmark The Green Rush The Metaverse The Work Ahead Explore Blog Case Studies Insights Podcasts
Featured articles
Jan 26, 2022 DJE Holdings to Acquire Mustache Boutique Content Agency Will Bolster Creative Production and Digital Expertise Read more
Utilities
Generative AI: boundless potential at our fingertips
Manufacturers must innovate despite uncertainty
Restructure core elements of your business to be self-supporting and interconnected across technology, talent and ESG.
Data et Intelligence artificielle
Future-Ready Cities
Ready for anything
Nom*
DIGITAL EXPERIENCE How to put customers first and increase brand value Check out our three keys to overcoming obstacles to better CX and how you can achieve better ROI on CX investments. Read more
Cognizant Hungary
APAC
Aston Martin Cognizant Formula One™ Team Shows Its Support for LGTBQ+ Community Across Pride Month in June; Announces Partnership with Racing Pride
AI drives smarter decisions and faster problem solving
The English Football Association
Research Deep Green The Future of Us The Future-Ready Business Benchmark The Green Rush The Metaverse The Work Ahead
South America
GENERATIVE AI How gen AI will change business as we know it Explore how the game-changing technology will orchestrate tasks, spur new ideas, sharpen decision making and unify the workplace. Read more SUSTAINABILITY & RESILIENCE Sustainability in business: Beyond ‘green,’ to deeply green Read more GENERATIVE AI Becoming ‘data ready’ for gen AI Read more
Contact us
Ready for anything: what it means to be a modern business
Services de durabilité
INTUITIVE OPERATIONS Harness generative AI An introduction to generative AI in communications, media and technology Generative AI presents a significant change in humanity’s ability to apply specialized knowledge at unprecedented speed, breadth and scale. The possibilities are endless. Learn more
PERSPECTIVES Speed to market is rooted in software engineering Failure encourages experimentation, and the act of experimentation breeds learning. View Perspectives
The key to perpetual relevance: intuition
Assurance Banque Biens de consommation Commodities Trading Communications, médias et technologie Distribution Éducation Industrie Industrie automobile Industrie du pétrole et du gaz Information Life sciences Marchés de capitaux Santé Tourisme et hôtellerie Transport et logistique Utilities
Annual Report
Développement durable et résilience
Generative AI will drive dramatic change across the enterprise and transform how work gets done.
Carousel starts BANKING & CAPITAL MARKETS Build on today’s successes to face tomorrow Banks, asset managers and financial intermediaries must focus on core modernization, personalization and rethinking the operating model. Read more HEALTHCARE Walking a fine line between data, privacy and regulation Healthcare organizations face a delicate balancing act. They must improve experiences and protect data privacy while satisfying the needs of emerging data-hungry apps—all within increasingly complex regulatory environments. Read more INSURANCE Managing constant change with ongoing transformation Insurers are experiencing a massive wave of change—from complex regulatory environments to rapidly evolving consumer expectations. Explore how modernizing data strategies and forming new partnerships help them stay future fit. Read more Carousel ends
A value challenge looms as businesses struggle to realize returns from new technology investments. And we see transformation drivers like IoT, cloud and AI rapidly becoming table stakes, making room for emerging technologies like blockchain, quantum computing and robotics to uncover new possibilities.
Moyen-Orient
Lire le rapport
HEALTHCARE Walking a fine line between data, privacy and regulation Healthcare organizations face a delicate balancing act. They must improve experiences and protect data privacy while satisfying the needs of emerging data-hungry apps—all within increasingly complex regulatory environments. Read more
Broadband provider
BANKING & CAPITAL MARKETS Build on today’s successes to face tomorrow Banks, asset managers and financial intermediaries must focus on core modernization, personalization and rethinking the operating model. Read more HEALTHCARE Walking a fine line between data, privacy and regulation Healthcare organizations face a delicate balancing act. They must improve experiences and protect data privacy while satisfying the needs of emerging data-hungry apps—all within increasingly complex regulatory environments. Read more INSURANCE Managing constant change with ongoing transformation Insurers are experiencing a massive wave of change—from complex regulatory environments to rapidly evolving consumer expectations. Explore how modernizing data strategies and forming new partnerships help them stay future fit. Read more
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
Actualités
Understand the transformative impact of emerging technologies on today’s most significant global challenges.
Worldwide
Read the eBook
Parcourir les offres d'emploi
Renforcer en permanence vos connaissances techniques, votre capacité à résoudre des problèmes et votre esprit d’entreprise. Rejoignez Cognizant, et aidez-nous à changer le quotidien de tous.
Hungary Industries Services Insights About
Future-ready equals mastering AI
SPONSORSHIPS
Qlik Names Cognizant NA Systems Integrator of the Year
PODCAST
Solutions cloud
Cloud-based automation processes claims 600x faster with 8x ROI
Nom* E-mail* Entreprise* Numéro de téléphone* Zone géographique* Amérique du Nord Amérique du Sud Europe Moyen-Orient Asie-Pacifique Inde Objet de la requête* Alumni Carrière Investisseur Médias Partenaires Demande de services
Tech to watch
Banking Automating payment disputes: 3 key considerations
Explore how modern Business Process Services can help accelerate growth for communications, media and technology clients. Learn more
Français Carrières • Actualités • Investisseurs | Nos bureaux Search Suisse Secteurs d'activité Services Insights À propos
Stay on top of what's happening across Cognizant.
Let’s talk about how digital can work for your business.
Get actionable insights that help you strategically apply and implement technology to address your pressing needs and seize opportunities.
Parrainages
PODCAST How media companies can build a profitable streaming business Listen in as experts from AWS and Gracenote join Cognizant to discuss data’s role in creating content that keeps viewers coming back. Listen now
Services et modernisation des applications
Les professionnelles de la tech
Cas clients
Explore Blog Case Studies Insights Podcasts
Développez l’intuition dans votre entreprise.
Marchés de capitaux Santé Tourisme et hôtellerie Transport et logistique Utilities
We have a highly skilled workforce with a good mix of senior professionals and millennials. We offer the scale and the level of support in the languages required by your business. We continuously improve businesses and ensure new ways of working.
Turn data into insight.
Cognizant Hungary Helping clients with multi-service needs become more efficient, compliant and digital. Located in Budapest, Cognizant’s longest running Delivery Center supports approximately 50 clients across all industries through a multi-lingual infrastructure. We have a highly skilled workforce with a good mix of senior professionals and millennials. We offer the scale and the level of support in the languages required by your business. We continuously improve businesses and ensure new ways of working.
LinkedIn Twitter Facebook Instagram YouTube
Podcasts
READY FOR ANYTHING What it means to be a modern business Play video carousel ends
Multiple priorities highlight the challenge of becoming future-ready Explore what it means to be perpetually future-ready and what it takes to build foundations for long-term success. Get insights from a survey of 2,000 senior business leaders about where to focus to understand what you need to do now.
THE FUTURE-READY BUSINESS BENCHMARK Can you beat your competition to the future? Play video
Envoyer
TALENT Join our Talent Community Register with us to receive latest job openings tailored just for you. Sign up now
Manufacturing Manufacturers must innovate despite uncertainty
IoT Modernisation des infrastructures et applications de base Sécurité Services d'infrastructure IT Services de durabilité
Every industry has its own challenges and opportunities. Discover how players in your industry thrive through smart technology choices and deployment.
Annual Report Be.Cognizant Board of Directors Client Briefing Program Contact Us Corporate Governance Culture & Values Diversity & Inclusion ESG Leadership Team News & Press Releases Partnerships Public Policy Sponsorships Talent Worldwide
View Perspectives
Events
ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE
Insights Modern Business Contact
Amplifying the value of generative AI Explore our four-part framework to ensuring optimal use of this powerful technology. How higher education can ace the net zero exam How AI can power empathy in the workforce Payers must add the digital features members want Tender and deal management: The journey to excellence How auto manufacturers can upshift into the future Generative AI: boundless potential at our fingertips
Avis de confidentialité
Healthcare
The key to perpetual relevance: intuition Imagine anticipating change and acting before your competition does. Imagine confidently making data-driven decisions at the perfect time. Imagine always being relevant to your customers. That’s the power and promise of intuition. Learn more
Communications, Media & Technology
GENERATIVE AI Becoming ‘data ready’ for gen AI Read more
Get answers to your questions Our clients turn to us to help them reimagine ways of working with technology. Name* Email* Organization* Contact Number* Region* North America South America Europe Middle East APAC India Inquiry Type* Alumni Career Seekers Investor Relations Media Partners Request for Services Message Submit This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
Cognizant aide les entreprises à moderniser leurs technologies, repenser leurs processus et transformer leurs expériences pour rester à la pointe dans un monde en constante évolution.
A cycle of success
À PROPOS
Banking
RESULTS TELUS Health RESULTS The English Football Association RESULTS Effectv, Comcast's ad sales division, RESULTS A digital advertising agency RESULTS A leading software company RESULTS Broadband provider
Featured
