
DISTINCTION Cognizant parmi les entreprises américaines les plus innovantes Nous sommes reconnus pour notre culture d’innovation, notre innovation en matière de processus et notre innovation produit par Fortune et Statista, Inc.  En savoir plus DISTINCTION Cognizant reconnu « Leader » de l’écosystème Salesforce Cognizant figure parmi les leaders du rapport ISG Provider Lens™ 2023 sur les partenaires de l’écosystème Salesforce sur les marchés américain, britannique, allemand et français. Lire le rapport DISTINCTION « Leader » du classement PEAK Matrix® Enterprise QA 2022 En tant que « Leader » de l'évaluation PEAK Matrix® d'Everest Group, Cognizant devance 32 fournisseurs pour son impact sur le marché des services d'assurance qualité d'entreprise. Lire le rapport
Google
faster claims processing
Carousal Ends
Our recent study reveals three challenges for manufacturers to overcome as they pursue a more sustainable way to operate and produce goods. Read more
Featured services Explore more services AI training services Enable your AI and generative AI models to deliver valuable, ethical and contextually accurate results. Learn more Cognizant Neuro® Business Processes Simplify and accelerate automation adoption, integrate and orchestrate resources and see returns faster. Learn more Omnichannel customer care Deliver the intuitive experiences customers demand. Learn more Business ops to accelerate scale Grow digitally native scale-ups and new revenue streams at the speed of ideas. Learn more Finance & accounting Generate new business value from finance and accounting. Learn more Healthcare Understand the new playbook for growth: driving intuitive experiences, game-changing efficiency and innovation. Learn more Life sciences Accelerate insights and customer-centric innovation; increase efficiency. Learn more Banking and financial services Generate growth as you drive intuitive experiences, unparalleled efficiency and innovation. Learn more Intelligent automation services Get your business future-ready with industry-aligned IT and process automation solutions. Learn more Healthcare BPaaS Improve health plan operations with pre-integrated technology solutions, proven processes and intelligent automation. Learn more Marketing operations Increase speed, efficiency and insights; get better marketing ROI. Learn more Employee experience enterprise services Find out how you can deliver persona-based employee experiences at scale. Learn more
Nov 02, 2023 COGNIZANT REPORTS THIRD QUARTER 2023 RESULTS Read more
Modernize technology Stay relevant today and ready for tomorrow with software built to learn and deploy massive processing power—all unlocked in the cloud to create value in every byte of data. Learn more
Visit Investor Relations
Entiende cómo y por qué se ha convertido en el principal elemento de la empresa moderna.
Ver vídeo
Social and workplace connections are strongest when we value diversity and authenticity and ensure all voices are heard.
Investisseur
Information
Tech To Watch CRISPR gene editing has arrived. Here’s what that means The world’s first medical treatment using the CRISPR gene-editing tool has won a... Read more Tech To Watch Neurotech: productivity booster or brain-snatcher? Many uses of ‘brain wearables’ risk overreach, even when intentions say otherwis... Read more Tech To Watch What the US executive order says about the future of AI The US signals intent to join other world players with broad AI regulation. Read more Tech To Watch The trouble when AI chatbots act too human The technology’s increasing sophistication, and potential danger, has led to cal... Read more See more
Q: Which of the following technologies has your business adopted, or plans to adopt?
Únete a nosotros • Noticias • Inversores | Worldwide Search España Industrias Servicios Ideas Acerca de
Diversity & Inclusion
At the same time, however, just 39% of respondents said their AI/ML had already contributed significant business value. In fact, even though it was the sixth most-adopted technology, it was second to the bottom on the list in terms of its perceived value (see Figure 2). The fact is—whether it’s generative AI or another type of AI—succeeding with AI/ML initiatives requires businesses to make a variety of unforeseen adjustments. The good news is, many businesses are beginning to attain the full value of their AI implementations. It starts with moving past the AI hype and understanding what it takes to succeed with this technology.
With the following steps, businesses can cultivate an organizational culture prepared for AI success:
|
Over the past 25 years, we’ve built relationships with market-leading companies around the world. 29 of the top 30 global pharma companies 9 of the top 10 European banks 7 of the top 10 internet companies 23 of the top 25 healthcare plans
Source: MIT Sloan Management Review
Imagine a business that can act with human insight Make your business more intuitive. Get ahead faster Reinventing the world of work Generative AI will drive dramatic change across the enterprise and transform how work gets done. Learn how Hit play on business transformation Take advantage of our unique combination of bold thinking and practical know-how powered by Cognizant consulting services. Learn more Deep Green: a new breed of business Learn how the sustainability imperative is changing the way businesses show up—with regulators, investors, customers and planet earth. Find out more TO NEXT SECTION Carousal Ends
OPERATE WITH INSIGHT AND SPEED Business intuition to supercharge performance
Marchés de capitaux
Moyen-Orient
Helping call center agents improve speed and customer satisfaction
Carousal Starts TO NEXT SECTION Carousal Ends Cognizant aide les entreprises à moderniser leurs technologies, repenser leurs processus et transformer leurs expériences pour rester à la pointe dans un monde en constante évolution. Prêt pour l’IA, prêt pour demain Nos 5 conseils pour faire avancer votre entreprise dans la bonne direction avec l’IA comme moteur. En savoir plus Cognizant Suisse Découvrez comment Cognizant modernise les entreprises ENTREPRISE ET BUREAUX À propos de Cognizant ASSURANCE La transformation numérique des centres de contacts réduit la DMT de 25 % UTILITIES Uniper accélère son processus décisionnel avec la découverte intuitive des données À PROPOS Les professionnelles de la tech EXPERTISE APPROFONDIE Services SAP Digital Migrez vers SAP S/4HANA pour devenir une entreprise intelligente, du back-end au front-end. Assurance et Ingénierie Qualité Réinventez l'assurance qualité en utilisant une approche globale basée sur un écosystème doté de processus d'assurance qualité intelligents et automatisés. Viser l’excellence Nous offrons des services hors pair grâce à notre politique de recrutement et de partenariats avec les experts du secteur. DISTINCTION Cognizant parmi les entreprises américaines les plus innovantes Nous sommes reconnus pour notre culture d’innovation, notre innovation en matière de processus et notre innovation produit par Fortune et Statista, Inc.  En savoir plus DISTINCTION Cognizant reconnu « Leader » de l’écosystème Salesforce Cognizant figure parmi les leaders du rapport ISG Provider Lens™ 2023 sur les partenaires de l’écosystème Salesforce sur les marchés américain, britannique, allemand et français. Lire le rapport DISTINCTION « Leader » du classement PEAK Matrix® Enterprise QA 2022 En tant que « Leader » de l'évaluation PEAK Matrix® d'Everest Group, Cognizant devance 32 fournisseurs pour son impact sur le marché des services d'assurance qualité d'entreprise. Lire le rapport Faites progresser votre carrière et le monde dans lequel nous vivons Renforcer en permanence vos connaissances techniques, votre capacité à résoudre des problèmes et votre esprit d’entreprise. Rejoignez Cognizant, et aidez-nous à changer le quotidien de tous. Parcourir les offres d'emploi Obtenez les réponses à vos questions Nos clients font appel à nous pour les aider à repenser leur utilisation des technologies. Nom* E-mail* Entreprise* Numéro de téléphone* Zone géographique* Amérique du Nord Amérique du Sud Europe Moyen-Orient Asie-Pacifique Inde Objet de la requête* Alumni Carrière Investisseur Médias Partenaires Demande de services Votre message Envoyer Ce site est protégé par reCAPTCHA et la Politique de confidentialité et les Conditions d'utilisation de Google s'appliquent.
Learn how the sustainability imperative is changing the way businesses show up—with regulators, investors, customers and planet earth.
For years, cities have pursued a “smart city” label. And with the increasingly widespread availability of 5G, the smart city is more of a reality than ever before. But the terminology needs an update. In addition to gaining “more smarts,” cities need to be future-ready—and that goes beyond technology adoption. Becoming a future-ready city requires building the foundation to be resilient in the face of both predictable and unpredictable challenges and adapting to fast-changing social and economic situations. A recent research study conducted by ThoughtLab and co-sponsored by Cognizant, we found the city of the future will need not just 5G and a range of other technologies—it will also require strong ecosystems of local governments, infrastructure providers and integrators, as well as sophisticated data management capabilities. The study also found that today, both of these elements are lacking, and survey respondents are feeling the brunt of these shortcomings. The following ebook reveals six key imperatives that cities can embrace to become future-ready:
Quality Engineering & Assurance
WHITEPAPERS
Infrastructure Services
TRAVEL & HOSPITALITY Papa John's delivers customer delight and increases revenue by 15% per order Revising the customer experience process with an intelligent order management system for retail and consumer goods resulted in gains in CX and sales. Learn more
Región* Norteamérica Sudamérica Europa Oriente Medio APAC India
Acerca de Cognizant
Barry Callebaut empowers HR to give 13,000+ employees a voice
Acerca de
Cognizant, líder en el ecosistema Salesforce
Cognizant premia al CIO del año en los CIO Awards 2022
Sudamérica
Investors
9 of the top 10 European banks
Parcourir les offres d'emploi
Communications, médias et technologie
Enablers Modernize faster with a strong development toolchain Our technology enablers help your business drive relevance and increase application lifetime, achieve a “first time right” design methodology and unify your modernization strategy and execution. Cognizant AppLens Cognizant Lifecycle Engineering Acceleration Platform Cognizant Modernization Acceleration Platform Cognizant Business Outcomes & Experience Dashboard
How do digitally native businesses uniquely address change? Play video carousel ends
Be.Cognizant Consejo de Administración Contactar Cultura y valores Diversidad e inclusión Equipo directivo ESG Gobierno corporativo Informe anual Patrocinios Política corporativa Programa de sesiones informativas para clientes Sala de prensa Socios Talento
expériences
Cognizant reconnu « Leader » de l’écosystème Salesforce
Coe Banca y Temenos
HFS ranks Cognizant #1 overall provider for Application Modernization Services
Développement durable et résilience
How we’re applying generative AI today We are partnering with visionary businesses to radically improve business operations through innovation and a new level of human and machine collaboration.
DISTINCTION
Lancez votre transformation d’entreprise Profitez d'un savant mélange de réflexion audacieuse et de savoir-faire pratique avec les Services de conseil de Cognizant. En savoir plus
Assurance et Ingénierie Qualité Réinventez l'assurance qualité en utilisant une approche globale basée sur un écosystème doté de processus d'assurance qualité intelligents et automatisés.
Servicios de sostenibilidad
Partenariats
Cognizant aide les entreprises à moderniser leurs technologies, repenser leurs processus et transformer leurs expériences pour rester à la pointe dans un monde en constante évolution.
Many uses of ‘brain wearables’ risk overreach, even when intentions say otherwise. Read more
Overhaul legacy technology
What the US executive order says about the future of AI
Cognizant AppLens
LinkedIn Twitter Facebook Instagram YouTube Sitemap Terms Privacy Notice Cookie Notice ©2023 Cognizant, all rights reserved Industries Automotive Banking Capital Markets Communications, Media & Technology Consumer Goods Education Healthcare Information Services Insurance Life Sciences Manufacturing Oil & Gas Retail Transportation & Logistics Travel & Hospitality Utilities Services Application Services & Modernization Artificial Intelligence Business Process Services Cloud Solutions Core Modernization Digital Experience Digital Strategy Enterprise Platform Services Infrastructure Services Intelligent Process Automation Internet of Things Quality Engineering & Assurance Security Software Product Engineering Sustainability Services Consulting Insights Themes Modern Business Sustainability and Resilience Tech to Watch Research Deep Green Future-Ready Cities The Future of Us The Future-Ready Business Benchmark The Metaverse The Work Ahead Explore Blog Case Studies Insights Podcasts About Cognizant Annual Report Be.Cognizant Board of Directors Client Briefing Program Contact Us Corporate Governance Culture & Values Diversity & Inclusion ESG Leadership Team News & Press Releases Partnerships Public Policy Sponsorships Talent Worldwide Glossary Information for Suppliers
We deliver excellence by hiring and partnering with the best in the business.
Belgium
Learn how
Amérique du Sud
Engineering modern business to improve everyday lives Let us help you discover new ways of operating so you can anticipate and act, as if on intuition.
Who we are
Source: Google
Read how Siemens Healthineers transformed CX across the globe
Insurance
Here’s how three companies are working to overcome AI talent challenges:
Stratégie digitale
Businesses also need a strong cultural foundation to address the complex ethical dilemmas associated with AI, including establishing guidelines and frameworks for responsible AI use, and promoting open discussions and diverse perspectives.
Let’s focus on connection in Native American Heritage Month 11.21.2023
El análisis de datos ayuda a tomar mejores decisiones y a ganar en la F1
Manufacturing
Privacy Policy
Engineering applications for modern businesses
Impulsa tu carrera. Únete a nosotros
Automating media- and brand- intelligence for increased sales
Nov 23, 2023 Cognizant selected by Alm. Brand Group to enable automation services Read more Nov 02, 2023 COGNIZANT REPORTS THIRD QUARTER 2023 RESULTS Read more Oct 31, 2023 Cognizant Launches Synapse Initiative to Provide Job Training to One Million Individuals Around the Globe Read more See all Cognizant news
Descubre la importancia del conocimiento para el negocio
Tech To Watch CRISPR gene editing has arrived. Here’s what that means The world’s first medical treatment using the CRISPR gene-editing tool has won a... Read more
How manufacturers can balance the sustainability equation 11.27.2023 Our recent study reveals three challenges for manufacturers to overcome as they pursue a more sustainable way to operate and produce goods. Read more
Many businesses face the daunting challenges of inaccurate, incomplete and inconsistent data. Low-quality data threatens to sabotage the performance of AI models, resulting in wasted resources and missed opportunities. Investing in AI without addressing data quality challenges is akin to constructing a house on an unstable foundation. AI systems heavily rely on high-quality data to generate accurate insights and help you make informed decisions. Neglecting data quality compromises the very essence of AI's potential. It undermines the trust in AI systems, erodes confidence among stakeholders and jeopardizes desired outcomes. Data modernization is the key to effectively managing and leveraging data assets, paving the way for AI-driven insights and transformative decision-making.
À PROPOS Les professionnelles de la tech
Featured services
Industries Automotive Banking Capital Markets Communications, Media & Technology Consumer Goods Education Healthcare Information Services Insurance Life Sciences Manufacturing Oil & Gas Retail Transportation & Logistics Travel & Hospitality Utilities Services Application Services & Modernization Artificial Intelligence Business Process Services Cloud Solutions Core Modernization Digital Experience Digital Strategy Enterprise Platform Services Infrastructure Services Intelligent Process Automation Internet of Things Quality Engineering & Assurance Security Software Product Engineering Sustainability Services Consulting Insights Themes Modern Business Sustainability and Resilience Tech to Watch Research Deep Green Future-Ready Cities The Future of Us The Future-Ready Business Benchmark The Metaverse The Work Ahead Explore Blog Case Studies Insights Podcasts
2  Overhaul legacy technology As AI adoption grows, organizations must confront a critical challenge: their outdated and rigid IT infrastructure. Legacy systems, with their integration complexities and lack of standardized APIs, struggle to keep pace with the computational demands and real-time data processing requirements of AI. Legacy infrastructure also pose a significant security risk. Built on foundations that predate the digital era, these systems were not designed to withstand the sophisticated attacks of today's threat landscape.  By embracing the future and committing to modernizing their infrastructure, organizations unlock heightened efficiency, accelerated innovation and the ability to redefine what's possible.   These recommendations will help businesses build an agile and resilient IT infrastructure that safely and securely supports the computational intensity and vast data volumes needed for AI: These industry use cases demonstrate the power of modernization efforts in unlocking improved outcomes, driving innovation and gaining a competitive edge in the AI-powered digital landscape:
Automatización inteligente de procesos
Imagine a business that can act with human insight
At the same time, however, just 39% of respondents said their AI/ML had already contributed significant business value. In fact, even though it was the sixth most-adopted technology, it was second to the bottom on the list in terms of its perceived value (see Figure 2).
IoT
Talents dans le monde
Serving customers by looking forward as well as back is a big promise, but the power of today’s new digital capabilities is vast and growing.  Let’s talk about how digital can work for your business.
Transporte y logística
LinkedIn
ESG EN COGNIZANT Liderando el camino
Herramienta de evaluación comparativa preparado para el futuro
AI-powered future Services Videos Featured work Insights Contact us
World Economic Forum
COMPAÑÍA Y CULTURA
Mercados de capitales
Prepárate para el futuro con la IA Cinco consejos sobre cómo preparar el negocio para el futuro con la IA como motor del éxito. Leer más
Modernización de sistemas core
Internet of Things
April 26, 2023 What it will take to build the city of the future A future-ready city needs to be not just ‘smart’ but also resilient. Our research reveals six imperatives for cities to fulfill their future-ready vision. Visit our Tech to Watch webpage For years, cities have pursued a “smart city” label. And with the increasingly widespread availability of 5G, the smart city is more of a reality than ever before. But the terminology needs an update. In addition to gaining “more smarts,” cities need to be future-ready—and that goes beyond technology adoption. Becoming a future-ready city requires building the foundation to be resilient in the face of both predictable and unpredictable challenges and adapting to fast-changing social and economic situations. A recent research study conducted by ThoughtLab and co-sponsored by Cognizant, we found the city of the future will need not just 5G and a range of other technologies—it will also require strong ecosystems of local governments, infrastructure providers and integrators, as well as sophisticated data management capabilities. The study also found that today, both of these elements are lacking, and survey respondents are feeling the brunt of these shortcomings. The following ebook reveals six key imperatives that cities can embrace to become future-ready:   For more, visit the Tech to Watch section of our website or contact us.
DISTINCIÓN
Glosario
Industries Automotive Banking Capital Markets Communications, Media & Technology Consumer Goods Education Healthcare Information Services Insurance Life Sciences Manufacturing Oil & Gas Retail Transportation & Logistics Travel & Hospitality Utilities Services Application Services & Modernization Artificial Intelligence Business Process Services Cloud Solutions Core Modernization Digital Experience Digital Strategy Enterprise Platform Services Infrastructure Services Intelligent Process Automation Internet of Things Quality Engineering & Assurance Security Software Product Engineering Sustainability Services Consulting Insights Themes Modern Business Sustainability and Resilience Tech to Watch Research Deep Green Future-Ready Cities The Future of Us The Future-Ready Business Benchmark The Metaverse The Work Ahead Explore Blog Case Studies Insights Podcasts About Cognizant Annual Report Be.Cognizant Board of Directors Client Briefing Program Contact Us Corporate Governance Culture & Values Diversity & Inclusion ESG Leadership Team News & Press Releases Partnerships Public Policy Sponsorships Talent Worldwide Glossary Information for Suppliers
Over the past 25 years, we’ve built relationships with market-leading companies around the world.
Ideas
Many businesses are struggling to find AI talent, including machine learning, natural language processing and computer vision, as well as soft skills like creativity and problem-solving. Those that do find it are often forced to pay top dollar.  The rapid evolution of AI necessitates professionals who not only possess existing skills but also have the capacity for continuous learning and adaptation.  Retaining these professionals proves to be equally arduous. Talented AI professionals are constantly courted by new and exciting opportunities. Source: Google Source: World Economic Forum
Europa
Let’s focus on connection in Native American Heritage Month
ENTREPRISE ET BUREAUX À propos de Cognizant ASSURANCE La transformation numérique des centres de contacts réduit la DMT de 25 % UTILITIES Uniper accélère son processus décisionnel avec la découverte intuitive des données À PROPOS Les professionnelles de la tech
Buscadores de empleo
Many uses of ‘brain wearables’ risk overreach, even when intentions say otherwis...
Latest posts
Intelligent automation services Get your business future-ready with industry-aligned IT and process automation solutions. Learn more
Belgium Industries Services Insights About
Asie-Pacifique
Investing in AI without addressing data quality challenges is akin to constructing a house on an unstable foundation. AI systems heavily rely on high-quality data to generate accurate insights and help you make informed decisions. Neglecting data quality compromises the very essence of AI's potential. It undermines the trust in AI systems, erodes confidence among stakeholders and jeopardizes desired outcomes.
Faites progresser votre carrière et le monde dans lequel nous vivons Renforcer en permanence vos connaissances techniques, votre capacité à résoudre des problèmes et votre esprit d’entreprise. Rejoignez Cognizant, et aidez-nous à changer le quotidien de tous.
Our technology enablers help your business drive relevance and increase application lifetime, achieve a “first time right” design methodology and unify your modernization strategy and execution.
Sitemap Terms Privacy Notice Cookie Notice ©2023 Cognizant, all rights reserved
Jan 18, 2023 Cognizant España, Top Employer por sexto año consecutivo Leer más Dec 16, 2022 Cognizant premia al CIO del año en los CIO Awards 2022 Leer más Oct 10, 2022 El análisis de datos ayuda a tomar mejores decisiones y a ganar en la F1 Leer más
revenue increase per transaction
Viser l’excellence
Assurance Banque Biens de consommation Commodities Trading Communications, médias et technologie Distribution Éducation Industrie Industrie automobile Industrie du pétrole et du gaz Information Life sciences Marchés de capitaux Santé Tourisme et hôtellerie Transport et logistique Utilities
Sponsorships
Viajes y alojamientos
Cognizant Modernization Acceleration Platform
Retaining these professionals proves to be equally arduous. Talented AI professionals are constantly courted by new and exciting opportunities.
Teléfono de contacto*
Our recent study reveals three challenges for manufacturers to overcome as they pursue a more sustainable way to operate and produce goods.
Inteligencia artificial Internet de las cosas Modernización de sistemas core Modernización y servicios de aplicaciones Seguridad
Jan 18, 2023
The Future of Us
Servicios
Descubre cómo Cognizant crea tu empresa moderna.
Français Carrières • Actualités • Investisseurs | Nos bureaux Search
Obtenez les réponses à vos questions
Comunicaciones, medios y tecnología
The US signals intent to join other world players with broad AI regulation.
Reach new levels of convenience, elegance and beauty with hyper-personalized experiences that connect faster, generate growth and build brand loyalty.
Dec 16, 2022
50% faster ordering processes
Industria farmacéutica Mercados de capitales Petróleo y gas Retail Sector sanitario
View our corporate fact sheet
Carousal Starts Imaginez une entreprise capable d’agir avec la perspicacité humaine Développez l’intuition dans votre entreprise. En savoir plus Lancez votre transformation d’entreprise Profitez d'un savant mélange de réflexion audacieuse et de savoir-faire pratique avec les Services de conseil de Cognizant. En savoir plus Réinventer le monde du travail L’IA générative transformera fondamentalement les entreprises et les modes d’exécution du travail. En savoir plus TO NEXT SECTION Carousal Ends Cognizant aide les entreprises à moderniser leurs technologies, repenser leurs processus et transformer leurs expériences pour rester à la pointe dans un monde en constante évolution. Prêt pour l’IA, prêt pour demain Nos 5 conseils pour faire avancer votre entreprise dans la bonne direction avec l’IA comme moteur. En savoir plus Cognizant Suisse Découvrez comment Cognizant modernise les entreprises ENTREPRISE ET BUREAUX À propos de Cognizant ASSURANCE La transformation numérique des centres de contacts réduit la DMT de 25 % UTILITIES Uniper accélère son processus décisionnel avec la découverte intuitive des données À PROPOS Les professionnelles de la tech EXPERTISE APPROFONDIE Services SAP Digital Migrez vers SAP S/4HANA pour devenir une entreprise intelligente, du back-end au front-end. Assurance et Ingénierie Qualité Réinventez l'assurance qualité en utilisant une approche globale basée sur un écosystème doté de processus d'assurance qualité intelligents et automatisés. Viser l’excellence Nous offrons des services hors pair grâce à notre politique de recrutement et de partenariats avec les experts du secteur. DISTINCTION Cognizant parmi les entreprises américaines les plus innovantes Nous sommes reconnus pour notre culture d’innovation, notre innovation en matière de processus et notre innovation produit par Fortune et Statista, Inc.  En savoir plus DISTINCTION Cognizant reconnu « Leader » de l’écosystème Salesforce Cognizant figure parmi les leaders du rapport ISG Provider Lens™ 2023 sur les partenaires de l’écosystème Salesforce sur les marchés américain, britannique, allemand et français. Lire le rapport DISTINCTION « Leader » du classement PEAK Matrix® Enterprise QA 2022 En tant que « Leader » de l'évaluation PEAK Matrix® d'Everest Group, Cognizant devance 32 fournisseurs pour son impact sur le marché des services d'assurance qualité d'entreprise. Lire le rapport Faites progresser votre carrière et le monde dans lequel nous vivons Renforcer en permanence vos connaissances techniques, votre capacité à résoudre des problèmes et votre esprit d’entreprise. Rejoignez Cognizant, et aidez-nous à changer le quotidien de tous. Parcourir les offres d'emploi Obtenez les réponses à vos questions Nos clients font appel à nous pour les aider à repenser leur utilisation des technologies. Nom* E-mail* Entreprise* Numéro de téléphone* Zone géographique* Amérique du Nord Amérique du Sud Europe Moyen-Orient Asie-Pacifique Inde Objet de la requête* Alumni Carrière Investisseur Médias Partenaires Demande de services Votre message Envoyer Ce site est protégé par reCAPTCHA et la Politique de confidentialité et les Conditions d'utilisation de Google s'appliquent.
7 of the top 10 internet companies
Simplify and accelerate automation adoption, integrate and orchestrate resources and see returns faster.
El éxito del proceso de transformación radica más en la cultura que en la tecnología Manuel Ávalos, responsable del Sur de Europa de Cognizant. Leer más
Alumni
Insights
CRISPR gene editing has arrived. Here’s what that means 11.23.2023 The world’s first medical treatment using the CRISPR gene-editing tool has won approval. The implications are enormous. Read more
Automotive Banking Capital Markets Communications, Media & Technology Consumer Goods Education
Future-ready means AI-ready Get five recommendations on how to build future-readiness into your enterprise, with AI as a driving force of your success. Explore the intel
Viser l’excellence Nous offrons des services hors pair grâce à notre politique de recrutement et de partenariats avec les experts du secteur. DISTINCTION Cognizant parmi les entreprises américaines les plus innovantes Nous sommes reconnus pour notre culture d’innovation, notre innovation en matière de processus et notre innovation produit par Fortune et Statista, Inc.  En savoir plus DISTINCTION Cognizant reconnu « Leader » de l’écosystème Salesforce Cognizant figure parmi les leaders du rapport ISG Provider Lens™ 2023 sur les partenaires de l’écosystème Salesforce sur les marchés américain, britannique, allemand et français. Lire le rapport DISTINCTION « Leader » du classement PEAK Matrix® Enterprise QA 2022 En tant que « Leader » de l'évaluation PEAK Matrix® d'Everest Group, Cognizant devance 32 fournisseurs pour son impact sur le marché des services d'assurance qualité d'entreprise. Lire le rapport
Omnichannel customer care
Accelerate insights and customer-centric innovation; increase efficiency.
Soluciones cloud
Transformación digital ágil y a escala Ver vídeo
Communications, Media & Technology
be resilient
Tech To Watch Neurotech: productivity booster or brain-snatcher? Many uses of ‘brain wearables’ risk overreach, even when intentions say otherwis...
Mapa del sitio Condiciones Aviso de privacidad Aviso de cookies Estado de información no financiera ©2023 Cognizant, todos los derechos reservados
Temas La empresa moderna Sostenibilidad y resiliencia Tech to watch
Agile footing for business applications
Ingénierie de produits logiciels
LinkedIn Twitter Facebook Instagram Youtube
Distribution
Región*
Total revenue
What we value We help imagine, build and implement technologies to keep our clients constantly aware and responsive. Learn more What we believe Our social purpose weaves environmental and social considerations into every element of our business model. Learn more Who we are Every day, all around the world, our people engineer impact―with their clients, communities, colleagues and in their own lives. Learn more How we behave We respect everyone’s unique voice and background because we know that diversity helps us thrive, and we benefit from having everyone at the table. Learn more
Ver más
By embracing the future and committing to modernizing their infrastructure, organizations unlock heightened efficiency, accelerated innovation and the ability to redefine what's possible.
For more, visit the Tech to Watch section of our website or contact us.
Contact us
Client Briefing Program
50%
Name*
Leadership Team
processus
Objet de la requête* Alumni Carrière Investisseur Médias Partenaires Demande de services
Réinventez l'assurance qualité en utilisant une approche globale basée sur un écosystème doté de processus d'assurance qualité intelligents et automatisés.
View our corporate overview View our corporate fact sheet
Imaginez une entreprise capable d’agir avec la perspicacité humaine Développez l’intuition dans votre entreprise. En savoir plus Lancez votre transformation d’entreprise Profitez d'un savant mélange de réflexion audacieuse et de savoir-faire pratique avec les Services de conseil de Cognizant. En savoir plus Réinventer le monde du travail L’IA générative transformera fondamentalement les entreprises et les modes d’exécution du travail. En savoir plus TO NEXT SECTION
Intelligent Process Automation
YouTube
AUTOMOTIVE Helping call center agents improve speed and customer satisfaction MARKET RESEARCH Automating media- and brand- intelligence for increased sales
What we do We use expertise that’s been proven and tested around the globe to help you get ahead of challenges, sense opportunities sooner and outpace change.
Développez l’intuition dans votre entreprise.
Careers • News • Events • Investors | Worldwide Search Industries Services Insights About Services Business Process Services Contact OPERATE WITH INSIGHT AND SPEED Business intuition to supercharge performance AI-powered future Services Videos Featured work Insights Contact us Embrace the AI-powered future Is your enterprise prepared to lead in the new wave of AI-driven operations transformation? As generative AI inspires businesses to rethink how they create value, innovate, and grow, you need a partner who can guide you through the change – confidently and responsibly. Let's collaborate and harness the exciting potential of new technologies, data and human ingenuity, so your organization can embrace the AI-powered future and reap the benefits, faster. Business outcomes and strong ROI Some of the results we've delivered Carousel starts >15% revenue increase per transaction 600% faster claims processing $900M cost savings 50% faster time to market 50% faster ordering processes Carousel ends GENERATIVE AI IN PRACTICE How we’re applying generative AI today We are partnering with visionary businesses to radically improve business operations through innovation and a new level of human and machine collaboration. AUTOMOTIVE Helping call center agents improve speed and customer satisfaction MARKET RESEARCH Automating media- and brand- intelligence for increased sales BPS and automation services As a business operations partner to some of the largest digital pioneers in the world, we operate at the frontier of the new. We combine our distinctive expertise in powering modern operating models with industry depth and our leadership in process and IT automation to help your business transform operations, stay relevant and thrive. Featured services Explore more services AI training services Enable your AI and generative AI models to deliver valuable, ethical and contextually accurate results. Learn more Cognizant Neuro® Business Processes Simplify and accelerate automation adoption, integrate and orchestrate resources and see returns faster. Learn more Omnichannel customer care Deliver the intuitive experiences customers demand. Learn more Business ops to accelerate scale Grow digitally native scale-ups and new revenue streams at the speed of ideas. Learn more Finance & accounting Generate new business value from finance and accounting. Learn more Healthcare Understand the new playbook for growth: driving intuitive experiences, game-changing efficiency and innovation. Learn more Life sciences Accelerate insights and customer-centric innovation; increase efficiency. Learn more Banking and financial services Generate growth as you drive intuitive experiences, unparalleled efficiency and innovation. Learn more Intelligent automation services Get your business future-ready with industry-aligned IT and process automation solutions. Learn more Healthcare BPaaS Improve health plan operations with pre-integrated technology solutions, proven processes and intelligent automation. Learn more Marketing operations Increase speed, efficiency and insights; get better marketing ROI. Learn more Employee experience enterprise services Find out how you can deliver persona-based employee experiences at scale. Learn more carousel starts DocuSign boosts growth and CSAT with new customer experience Watch case study carousel ends Featured work Our solutions help businesses get ahead and stay ahead. Carousel starts TRAVEL & HOSPITALITY Papa John's delivers customer delight and increases revenue by 15% per order Revising the customer experience process with an intelligent order management system for retail and consumer goods resulted in gains in CX and sales. Learn more LIFE SCIENCES Read how Siemens Healthineers transformed CX across the globe An end-to-end CX transformation helped Siemens reimagine customer service and cut license costs by 30%. Learn more HEALTHCARE Intelligent automation spurs 600% faster claims processing Adding 2,000 IPA bots and an automation center of excellence for collaboration helped an insurer save $40M annually and boost capacity by 43M+ claims per year. Learn more Carousel ends Insights Carousel starts Thriving in the new era of AI To explore performance imperatives for an era of pervasive AI, Cognizant spoke to business leaders and subject matter specialists about four areas experiencing tectonic shifts: organization and people, experimentation for innovation and new revenue streams, partnership ecosystems and operations. Learn more Generative AI and the future of work: what businesses need to know Generative AI will change how we work by acting behind the scenes to pull together all aspects of the business and provide a unified access point for consumers and employees alike. Learn more How gen AI is reimagining and remaking the modern contact center Generative AI allows companies to quickly build, deploy, and scale AI powered customer services. Companies can maximize the benefits of AI while reducing costs associated with managing their digital presence. This makes it easier for them to stay competitive in today's digital marketplace without incurring high costs. Read more Carousel ends Modern operations for the intuitive enterprise Learn more Carousel starts Cognizant Business Process Services wins 15 Brandon Hall awards We are excited to announce that Cognizant Business Process Services’ Learning and Development team has once again garnered 15 awards across eight distinct categories at the prestigious Brandon Hall Group HCM Excellence Awards 2023. Learn more Carousel ends Join our team Empower your career and future-proof your skills while you help the world’s most influential companies, including marquee Global 2000 clients and Silicon Valley heavy hitters, win with intuition. Join the industry leader. Browse job listings Take the first step To discuss game-changing returns for your business with Business Process Services and Automation, please fill out the information below and we’ll contact you. LinkedIn Twitter Facebook Instagram YouTube Sitemap Terms Privacy Notice Cookie Notice ©2023 Cognizant, all rights reserved Industries Automotive Banking Capital Markets Communications, Media & Technology Consumer Goods Education Healthcare Information Services Insurance Life Sciences Manufacturing Oil & Gas Retail Transportation & Logistics Travel & Hospitality Utilities Services Application Services & Modernization Artificial Intelligence Business Process Services Cloud Solutions Core Modernization Digital Experience Digital Strategy Enterprise Platform Services Infrastructure Services Intelligent Process Automation Internet of Things Quality Engineering & Assurance Security Software Product Engineering Sustainability Services Consulting Insights Themes Modern Business Sustainability and Resilience Tech to Watch Research Deep Green Future-Ready Cities The Future of Us The Future-Ready Business Benchmark The Metaverse The Work Ahead Explore Blog Case Studies Insights Podcasts About Cognizant Annual Report Be.Cognizant Board of Directors Client Briefing Program Contact Us Corporate Governance Culture & Values Diversity & Inclusion ESG Leadership Team News & Press Releases Partnerships Public Policy Sponsorships Talent Worldwide Glossary Information for Suppliers Back to top
Informe anual
Digital Strategy
Services Business Process Services Contact OPERATE WITH INSIGHT AND SPEED Business intuition to supercharge performance AI-powered future Services Videos Featured work Insights Contact us Embrace the AI-powered future Is your enterprise prepared to lead in the new wave of AI-driven operations transformation? As generative AI inspires businesses to rethink how they create value, innovate, and grow, you need a partner who can guide you through the change – confidently and responsibly. Let's collaborate and harness the exciting potential of new technologies, data and human ingenuity, so your organization can embrace the AI-powered future and reap the benefits, faster. Business outcomes and strong ROI Some of the results we've delivered Carousel starts >15% revenue increase per transaction 600% faster claims processing $900M cost savings 50% faster time to market 50% faster ordering processes Carousel ends GENERATIVE AI IN PRACTICE How we’re applying generative AI today We are partnering with visionary businesses to radically improve business operations through innovation and a new level of human and machine collaboration. AUTOMOTIVE Helping call center agents improve speed and customer satisfaction MARKET RESEARCH Automating media- and brand- intelligence for increased sales BPS and automation services As a business operations partner to some of the largest digital pioneers in the world, we operate at the frontier of the new. We combine our distinctive expertise in powering modern operating models with industry depth and our leadership in process and IT automation to help your business transform operations, stay relevant and thrive. Featured services Explore more services AI training services Enable your AI and generative AI models to deliver valuable, ethical and contextually accurate results. Learn more Cognizant Neuro® Business Processes Simplify and accelerate automation adoption, integrate and orchestrate resources and see returns faster. Learn more Omnichannel customer care Deliver the intuitive experiences customers demand. Learn more Business ops to accelerate scale Grow digitally native scale-ups and new revenue streams at the speed of ideas. Learn more Finance & accounting Generate new business value from finance and accounting. Learn more Healthcare Understand the new playbook for growth: driving intuitive experiences, game-changing efficiency and innovation. Learn more Life sciences Accelerate insights and customer-centric innovation; increase efficiency. Learn more Banking and financial services Generate growth as you drive intuitive experiences, unparalleled efficiency and innovation. Learn more Intelligent automation services Get your business future-ready with industry-aligned IT and process automation solutions. Learn more Healthcare BPaaS Improve health plan operations with pre-integrated technology solutions, proven processes and intelligent automation. Learn more Marketing operations Increase speed, efficiency and insights; get better marketing ROI. Learn more Employee experience enterprise services Find out how you can deliver persona-based employee experiences at scale. Learn more carousel starts More human processes through technology and data Play video carousel ends Featured work Our solutions help businesses get ahead and stay ahead. Carousel starts TRAVEL & HOSPITALITY Papa John's delivers customer delight and increases revenue by 15% per order Revising the customer experience process with an intelligent order management system for retail and consumer goods resulted in gains in CX and sales. Learn more LIFE SCIENCES Read how Siemens Healthineers transformed CX across the globe An end-to-end CX transformation helped Siemens reimagine customer service and cut license costs by 30%. Learn more HEALTHCARE Intelligent automation spurs 600% faster claims processing Adding 2,000 IPA bots and an automation center of excellence for collaboration helped an insurer save $40M annually and boost capacity by 43M+ claims per year. Learn more Carousel ends Insights Carousel starts Thriving in the new era of AI To explore performance imperatives for an era of pervasive AI, Cognizant spoke to business leaders and subject matter specialists about four areas experiencing tectonic shifts: organization and people, experimentation for innovation and new revenue streams, partnership ecosystems and operations. Learn more Generative AI and the future of work: what businesses need to know Generative AI will change how we work by acting behind the scenes to pull together all aspects of the business and provide a unified access point for consumers and employees alike. Learn more How gen AI is reimagining and remaking the modern contact center Generative AI allows companies to quickly build, deploy, and scale AI powered customer services. Companies can maximize the benefits of AI while reducing costs associated with managing their digital presence. This makes it easier for them to stay competitive in today's digital marketplace without incurring high costs. Read more Carousel ends Modern operations for the intuitive enterprise Learn more Carousel starts Cognizant Business Process Services wins 15 Brandon Hall awards We are excited to announce that Cognizant Business Process Services’ Learning and Development team has once again garnered 15 awards across eight distinct categories at the prestigious Brandon Hall Group HCM Excellence Awards 2023. Learn more Carousel ends Join our team Empower your career and future-proof your skills while you help the world’s most influential companies, including marquee Global 2000 clients and Silicon Valley heavy hitters, win with intuition. Join the industry leader. Browse job listings Take the first step To discuss game-changing returns for your business with Business Process Services and Automation, please fill out the information below and we’ll contact you.
We are partnering with visionary businesses to radically improve business operations through innovation and a new level of human and machine collaboration.
1  Modernize data infrastructure Many businesses face the daunting challenges of inaccurate, incomplete and inconsistent data. Low-quality data threatens to sabotage the performance of AI models, resulting in wasted resources and missed opportunities. Investing in AI without addressing data quality challenges is akin to constructing a house on an unstable foundation. AI systems heavily rely on high-quality data to generate accurate insights and help you make informed decisions. Neglecting data quality compromises the very essence of AI's potential. It undermines the trust in AI systems, erodes confidence among stakeholders and jeopardizes desired outcomes. Data modernization is the key to effectively managing and leveraging data assets, paving the way for AI-driven insights and transformative decision-making.  Here are the essential elements involved in modernizing the data infrastructure that fuels the AI endeavors of forward-thinking companies: These industry use cases exemplify the potential of a modernized data infrastructure in unleashing new opportunities with AI, fostering innovation and yielding substantial advantages:
Is your enterprise prepared to lead in the new wave of AI-driven operations transformation? As generative AI inspires businesses to rethink how they create value, innovate, and grow, you need a partner who can guide you through the change – confidently and responsibly.
600%
.
From biased algorithms to privacy concerns, companies find themselves facing a new frontier of ethical dilemmas, from how to ensure AI systems are fair and unbiased, to preventing them from being used for harmful purposes, to ensuring they are transparent and accountable. Failure to address biased algorithms, privacy infringements and ethical decision-making by autonomous systems can unleash a torrent of consequences. Embracing the ethical dimensions of AI is not an option—it is an imperative.
Informe
Correo electrónico*
11.21.2023
345,600 Employees worldwide $19.4B Total revenue #19 Fortune Modern Board 25
The technology’s increasing sophistication, and potential danger, has led to cal...
Browse job listings
Cognizant España
Services et modernisation des applications
Get in touch
Automotive
Rapport annuel
1  Modernize data infrastructure
Focus Développement durable et résilience Modern business Tech to watch Recherche Deep Green Le métavers The Future of Us The Future-Ready Business Benchmark The Green Rush The Work Ahead Explorer Blog Cas clients Insights Podcasts
Carousal Starts
Modern business
•
COGNIZANT REPORTS THIRD QUARTER 2023 RESULTS
Cognizant Insights We’re here to offer you practical and unique solutions to today’s most pressing technology challenges. Across industries and markets, get inspired today for success tomorrow. Twitter LinkedIn
Finance & accounting Generate new business value from finance and accounting. Learn more
Employee experience enterprise services
Leer informe
Cognizant ranks ahead of 32 providers as a Leader in Everest Group’s PEAK Matrix® Assessment for creating prominent market impact in Enterprise QA services.
Sustainability Services
Etex migrated large SAP workloads to Azure
Healthcare Information Services Insurance Life Sciences Manufacturing
The biggest brands people rely on every day—rely on our people every day 345,600 Employees worldwide $19.4B Total revenue #19 Fortune Modern Board 25 View our corporate overview View our corporate fact sheet Over the past 25 years, we’ve built relationships with market-leading companies around the world. 29 of the top 30 global pharma companies 9 of the top 10 European banks 7 of the top 10 internet companies 23 of the top 25 healthcare plans
Viser l’excellence Nous offrons des services hors pair grâce à notre politique de recrutement et de partenariats avec les experts du secteur.
Tech To Watch
Each member of our team takes responsibility for creating a culture that enables exceptional outcomes.
Embrace the AI-powered future Is your enterprise prepared to lead in the new wave of AI-driven operations transformation? As generative AI inspires businesses to rethink how they create value, innovate, and grow, you need a partner who can guide you through the change – confidently and responsibly. Let's collaborate and harness the exciting potential of new technologies, data and human ingenuity, so your organization can embrace the AI-powered future and reap the benefits, faster.
Inteligencia artificial
COMPAÑÍA Y CULTURA Conócenos ESG EN COGNIZANT Liderando el camino AMF1 IA, IoT, cloud PATROCINIOS Pasión
Ciudades preparadas para el futuro
Artificial Intelligence
Aviso de cookies
$900M
Join our team Empower your career and future-proof your skills while you help the world’s most influential companies, including marquee Global 2000 clients and Silicon Valley heavy hitters, win with intuition. Join the industry leader.
Careers • News • Events • Investors | Worldwide Search Industries Services Insights About
Cognizant Neuro® Business Processes
Manuel Ávalos, responsable del Sur de Europa de Cognizant.
Careers • News • Events • Investors | Worldwide Search Industries Services Insights About Back to top To be future-ready, get AI-ready Business interest in artificial intelligence (AI) has never been higher. But even before generative AI was introduced, organizations were struggling to get the full value out of their AI implementations, according to our analysis of a recent Economist Impact study. Here are five changes businesses should make to succeed with AI. Modernize data infrastructure Overhaul legacy technology Invest in AI talent Prioritize responsible AI Foster an AI-friendly culture Introduction Ever since generative artificial intelligence entered the business conversation late last year, it’s become impossible to separate the idea of being “future-ready” from adopting AI. With this powerful technology, businesses can attain the speed, agility and accurate decision-making they need to compete in today’s fast-changing environment. Even before generative AI came along, AI adoption was growing. In a recent study by Economist Impact, AI and machine learning (ML) were among the top six technologies respondents had already adopted or planned to adopt in their quest to be future-ready (see Figure 1). Cognizant partnered with Economist Impact on the study—which surveyed 2,000 global executives across industries—as part of our ongoing work to define what it takes to be future-ready and how close businesses are to reaching a future-ready state. (For the full study, see “Ready for anything: what it means to be a modern business.”)  In our analysis of the data, nearly seven in 10 named AI/ML as a top investment area, indicating their belief that it‘s essential for doing business effectively today. AI is a top-6 most-used technology Q: Which of the following technologies has your business adopted, or plans to adopt?     At the same time, however, just 39% of respondents said their AI/ML had already contributed significant business value. In fact, even though it was the sixth most-adopted technology, it was second to the bottom on the list in terms of its perceived value (see Figure 2). The fact is—whether it’s generative AI or another type of AI—succeeding with AI/ML initiatives requires businesses to make a variety of unforeseen adjustments. The good news is, many businesses are beginning to attain the full value of their AI implementations. It starts with moving past the AI hype and understanding what it takes to succeed with this technology. Difficulty achieving full tech value Q : To what extent are the technologies you've adopted delivering strategic value to your operations? (Percent of respondents saying significant value) Mastering the five elements to be AI-ready Drawing on our analysis and experience, we have crafted five recommendations that enable traditional enterprises to proactively embrace AI. These recommendations center on orchestrating AI within a broader ecosystem encompassing data, technology, talent, responsible AI practices and organizational culture. By integrating these elements, enterprises can pave the way for a future in which AI becomes a driving force of their success. Jump to a section: 1  Modernize data infrastructure Many businesses face the daunting challenges of inaccurate, incomplete and inconsistent data. Low-quality data threatens to sabotage the performance of AI models, resulting in wasted resources and missed opportunities. Investing in AI without addressing data quality challenges is akin to constructing a house on an unstable foundation. AI systems heavily rely on high-quality data to generate accurate insights and help you make informed decisions. Neglecting data quality compromises the very essence of AI's potential. It undermines the trust in AI systems, erodes confidence among stakeholders and jeopardizes desired outcomes. Data modernization is the key to effectively managing and leveraging data assets, paving the way for AI-driven insights and transformative decision-making.  Here are the essential elements involved in modernizing the data infrastructure that fuels the AI endeavors of forward-thinking companies: These industry use cases exemplify the potential of a modernized data infrastructure in unleashing new opportunities with AI, fostering innovation and yielding substantial advantages: 2  Overhaul legacy technology As AI adoption grows, organizations must confront a critical challenge: their outdated and rigid IT infrastructure. Legacy systems, with their integration complexities and lack of standardized APIs, struggle to keep pace with the computational demands and real-time data processing requirements of AI. Legacy infrastructure also pose a significant security risk. Built on foundations that predate the digital era, these systems were not designed to withstand the sophisticated attacks of today's threat landscape.  By embracing the future and committing to modernizing their infrastructure, organizations unlock heightened efficiency, accelerated innovation and the ability to redefine what's possible.   These recommendations will help businesses build an agile and resilient IT infrastructure that safely and securely supports the computational intensity and vast data volumes needed for AI: These industry use cases demonstrate the power of modernization efforts in unlocking improved outcomes, driving innovation and gaining a competitive edge in the AI-powered digital landscape: 3  Invest in AI talent Many businesses are struggling to find AI talent, including machine learning, natural language processing and computer vision, as well as soft skills like creativity and problem-solving. Those that do find it are often forced to pay top dollar.  The rapid evolution of AI necessitates professionals who not only possess existing skills but also have the capacity for continuous learning and adaptation.  Retaining these professionals proves to be equally arduous. Talented AI professionals are constantly courted by new and exciting opportunities. Source: Google Source: World Economic Forum Overcoming these challenges requires a multi-faceted approach to acquire and nurture AI talent, ensuring a strong workforce capable of driving innovation and achieving AI excellence: Here’s how three companies are working to overcome AI talent challenges: 4  Prioritize responsible AI From biased algorithms to privacy concerns, companies find themselves facing a new frontier of ethical dilemmas, from how to ensure AI systems are fair and unbiased, to preventing them from being used for harmful purposes, to ensuring they are transparent and accountable. Failure to address biased algorithms, privacy infringements and ethical decision-making by autonomous systems can unleash a torrent of consequences. Embracing the ethical dimensions of AI is not an option—it is an imperative. Source: MIT Sloan Management Review Businesses should view these ethical challenges as catalysts for growth rather than obstacles. By taking a firm stance on responsible AI, companies can lead the way toward a safe and secure future. Here are the essential steps that organizations can take to forge a powerful alliance with AI: The following companies are integrating responsible AI practices into their operations and demonstrating a commitment to achieving positive outcomes for their customers, employees and the broader society: 5  Foster an AI-friendly culture The path to AI-readiness stretches far beyond technological prowess. It demands a cultural metamorphosis that embraces change and dispels misperceptions and fear.  For example, fear  of job displacement and uncertainty can spur doubt regarding the potential of AI, while a limited understanding of AI can also stifle its adoption because of skepticism or a lack of trust in its insights.  Businesses also need a strong cultural foundation to address the complex ethical dilemmas associated with AI, including establishing guidelines and frameworks for responsible AI use, and promoting open discussions and diverse perspectives.  With the following steps, businesses can cultivate an organizational culture prepared for AI success: These companies are effectively tackling cultural challenges in the adoption of AI: What to do on Monday? As the transformative power of AI becomes increasingly evident, forward-thinking companies are recognizing that AI is not just a buzzword but a strategic tool that holds the key to unlocking innovation, efficiency and growth. The question is how to harness AI to get the full value out of this powerful technology. Here are our recommendations to ensure your readiness for the future: For more on this topic, see our AI solutions webpage or contact us. LinkedIn Twitter Facebook Instagram YouTube Sitemap Terms Privacy Notice Cookie Notice ©2023 Cognizant, all rights reserved Industries Automotive Banking Capital Markets Communications, Media & Technology Consumer Goods Education Healthcare Information Services Insurance Life Sciences Manufacturing Oil & Gas Retail Transportation & Logistics Travel & Hospitality Utilities Services Application Services & Modernization Artificial Intelligence Business Process Services Cloud Solutions Core Modernization Digital Experience Digital Strategy Enterprise Platform Services Infrastructure Services Intelligent Process Automation Internet of Things Quality Engineering & Assurance Security Software Product Engineering Sustainability Services Consulting Insights Themes Modern Business Sustainability and Resilience Tech to Watch Research Deep Green Future-Ready Cities The Future of Us The Future-Ready Business Benchmark The Metaverse The Work Ahead Explore Blog Case Studies Insights Podcasts About Cognizant Annual Report Be.Cognizant Board of Directors Client Briefing Program Contact Us Corporate Governance Culture & Values Diversity & Inclusion ESG Leadership Team News & Press Releases Partnerships Public Policy Sponsorships Talent Worldwide Glossary Information for Suppliers
experiences
Why application modernization matters Play video
23 of the top 25 healthcare plans
Why application modernization matters Play video carousel ends
MANUFACTURING
Liderando el camino
Nous contacter
Empower your career and future-proof your skills while you help the world’s most influential companies, including marquee Global 2000 clients and Silicon Valley heavy hitters, win with intuition. Join the industry leader.
©2023 Cognizant, todos los derechos reservados
Get answers to your questions Our clients turn to us to help them reimagine ways of working with technology. Name* Email* Organization* Contact Number* Region* North America South America Europe Middle East APAC India Inquiry Type* Alumni Career Seekers Investor Relations Media Partners Request for Services Message Submit This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
The biggest brands people rely on every day—rely on our people every day
Microservices are the de facto design approach for building digital applications.
CONOCE A NUESTROS EXPERTOS
These industry use cases exemplify the potential of a modernized data infrastructure in unleashing new opportunities with AI, fostering innovation and yielding substantial advantages:
Services Application Services & Modernization
Careers • News • Events • Investors | Worldwide Search Industries Services Insights About Services Application Services & Modernization Contact Agile footing for business applications Overview Featured work Offerings Enablers Latest thinking Our partners Contact us Engineering applications for modern businesses Accelerate modernization with software and platform-driven solutions. Facing a new normal, today’s enterprises must modernize their business, fuel innovation and become more agile. That may require compressing years of change into months. At Cognizant, our application modernization services help you achieve agility for an increasingly digital world. Integrate a combination of accelerators, platforms and strategic partners to modernize core business applications. The result: An enterprise that’s ready for whatever the new normal has in store for you. Carousel starts HFS ranks Cognizant #1 overall provider for Application Modernization Services Recognized as top provider overall across execution, innovation, HFS OneOffice™ alignment and voice of the customer. Learn more Carousel ends Featured work Carousel starts INSURANCE Insurer boosts revenue with faster quote-to-buy process Learn more UTILITIES Application consolidation effort for boosting customer experience Learn more COMMUNICATIONS Standardized billing boosts efficiency Learn more Carousel ends Offerings Drive digital CX and business outcomes We engineer applications for modern businesses. We help organizations deliver maximum digital value and unleash an unbeatable competitive advantage by leveraging modern software engineering principles, homegrown platforms, deep industry expertise and strategic partnership networks. Enterprise application development    Application modernization     Application management        Enablers Modernize faster with a strong development toolchain Our technology enablers help your business drive relevance and increase application lifetime, achieve a “first time right” design methodology and unify your modernization strategy and execution. Cognizant AppLens Cognizant Lifecycle Engineering Acceleration Platform Cognizant Modernization Acceleration Platform Cognizant Business Outcomes & Experience Dashboard carousel starts Why application modernization matters Play video carousel ends Latest thinking Carousel starts PERSPECTIVES Achieving escape velocity when moving business-critical mainframe apps to the cloud To meet its growth objectives and customers’ rising expectations, Venerable needed to modernize a core application with 1980s roots. To get there, it created a technology ecosystem of partners that pivoted around Amazon Web Services to quickly up its cloud migration game. Learn more WHITEPAPERS Industrializing zero application maintenance By applying a rigorous and automated approach to supporting applications, IT organizations can reduce spending, increase repair accuracy, minimize application debt across the portfolio, free up resources for more strategic business imperatives and improve application yield to deliver enhanced business outcomes.  Learn more WHITEPAPERS Pitfalls & challenges faced during a microservices architecture implementation Microservices are the de facto design approach for building digital applications. Learn more Carousel ends Our partners We form partnerships and strategic alliances with world-class organizations to expand our service offerings and deliver comprehensive solutions to clients. Strategic alliances with the world’s leading companies enable us to provide complete solutions to your business and IT challenges. Take the first step Serving customers by looking forward as well as back is a big promise, but the power of today’s new digital capabilities is vast and growing.  Let’s talk about how digital can work for your business. LinkedIn Twitter Facebook Instagram YouTube Sitemap Terms Privacy Notice Cookie Notice ©2023 Cognizant, all rights reserved Industries Automotive Banking Capital Markets Communications, Media & Technology Consumer Goods Education Healthcare Information Services Insurance Life Sciences Manufacturing Oil & Gas Retail Transportation & Logistics Travel & Hospitality Utilities Services Application Services & Modernization Artificial Intelligence Business Process Services Cloud Solutions Core Modernization Digital Experience Digital Strategy Enterprise Platform Services Infrastructure Services Intelligent Process Automation Internet of Things Quality Engineering & Assurance Security Software Product Engineering Sustainability Services Consulting Insights Themes Modern Business Sustainability and Resilience Tech to Watch Research Deep Green Future-Ready Cities The Future of Us The Future-Ready Business Benchmark The Metaverse The Work Ahead Explore Blog Case Studies Insights Podcasts About Cognizant Annual Report Be.Cognizant Board of Directors Client Briefing Program Contact Us Corporate Governance Culture & Values Diversity & Inclusion ESG Leadership Team News & Press Releases Partnerships Public Policy Sponsorships Talent Worldwide Glossary Information for Suppliers Back to top
« Leader » du classement PEAK Matrix® Enterprise QA 2022
Banca
Apostamos por la excelencia contratando y asociándonos con los mejores del sector.
RECONOCIMIENTO Una de las compañías más innovadoras de América Fortune y Statista nos otorgan este reconocimiento por nuestra innovación de producto, innovación de proceso y cultura de la innovación.  Leer más
Automatisation intelligente des processus
Drive digital CX and business outcomes We engineer applications for modern businesses. We help organizations deliver maximum digital value and unleash an unbeatable competitive advantage by leveraging modern software engineering principles, homegrown platforms, deep industry expertise and strategic partnership networks.
BPS and automation services As a business operations partner to some of the largest digital pioneers in the world, we operate at the frontier of the new. We combine our distinctive expertise in powering modern operating models with industry depth and our leadership in process and IT automation to help your business transform operations, stay relevant and thrive.
How do digitally native businesses uniquely address change? Play video
Insights Carousel starts Thriving in the new era of AI To explore performance imperatives for an era of pervasive AI, Cognizant spoke to business leaders and subject matter specialists about four areas experiencing tectonic shifts: organization and people, experimentation for innovation and new revenue streams, partnership ecosystems and operations. Learn more Generative AI and the future of work: what businesses need to know Generative AI will change how we work by acting behind the scenes to pull together all aspects of the business and provide a unified access point for consumers and employees alike. Learn more How gen AI is reimagining and remaking the modern contact center Generative AI allows companies to quickly build, deploy, and scale AI powered customer services. Companies can maximize the benefits of AI while reducing costs associated with managing their digital presence. This makes it easier for them to stay competitive in today's digital marketplace without incurring high costs. Read more Carousel ends
The following companies are integrating responsible AI practices into their operations and demonstrating a commitment to achieving positive outcomes for their customers, employees and the broader society:
Transport et logistique
Future-Ready Cities
Careers • News • Events • Investors | Worldwide Search Industries Services Insights About What it will take to build the city of the future  April 26, 2023 What it will take to build the city of the future A future-ready city needs to be not just ‘smart’ but also resilient. Our research reveals six imperatives for cities to fulfill their future-ready vision. Visit our Tech to Watch webpage For years, cities have pursued a “smart city” label. And with the increasingly widespread availability of 5G, the smart city is more of a reality than ever before. But the terminology needs an update. In addition to gaining “more smarts,” cities need to be future-ready—and that goes beyond technology adoption. Becoming a future-ready city requires building the foundation to be resilient in the face of both predictable and unpredictable challenges and adapting to fast-changing social and economic situations. A recent research study conducted by ThoughtLab and co-sponsored by Cognizant, we found the city of the future will need not just 5G and a range of other technologies—it will also require strong ecosystems of local governments, infrastructure providers and integrators, as well as sophisticated data management capabilities. The study also found that today, both of these elements are lacking, and survey respondents are feeling the brunt of these shortcomings. The following ebook reveals six key imperatives that cities can embrace to become future-ready:   For more, visit the Tech to Watch section of our website or contact us. Cognizant Insights We’re here to offer you practical and unique solutions to today’s most pressing technology challenges. Across industries and markets, get inspired today for success tomorrow. Twitter LinkedIn Latest posts How manufacturers can balance the sustainability equation 11.27.2023 Our recent study reveals three challenges for manufacturers to overcome as they pursue a more sustainable way to operate and produce goods. Read more CRISPR gene editing has arrived. Here’s what that means 11.23.2023 The world’s first medical treatment using the CRISPR gene-editing tool has won approval. The implications are enormous. Read more Crucial steps toward eliminating violence against women 11.22.2023 Cognizant supports the UN’s International Day for the Elimination of Violence Against Women. Read more Let’s focus on connection in Native American Heritage Month 11.21.2023 Social and workplace connections are strongest when we value diversity and authenticity and ensure all voices are heard. Read more Neurotech: productivity booster or brain-snatcher? 11.16.2023 Many uses of ‘brain wearables’ risk overreach, even when intentions say otherwise. Read more Related posts Tech To Watch CRISPR gene editing has arrived. Here’s what that means The world’s first medical treatment using the CRISPR gene-editing tool has won a... Read more Tech To Watch Neurotech: productivity booster or brain-snatcher? Many uses of ‘brain wearables’ risk overreach, even when intentions say otherwis... Read more Tech To Watch What the US executive order says about the future of AI The US signals intent to join other world players with broad AI regulation. Read more Tech To Watch The trouble when AI chatbots act too human The technology’s increasing sophistication, and potential danger, has led to cal... Read more See more Back to top LinkedIn Twitter Facebook Instagram YouTube Sitemap Terms Privacy Notice Cookie Notice ©2023 Cognizant, all rights reserved Industries Automotive Banking Capital Markets Communications, Media & Technology Consumer Goods Education Healthcare Information Services Insurance Life Sciences Manufacturing Oil & Gas Retail Transportation & Logistics Travel & Hospitality Utilities Services Application Services & Modernization Artificial Intelligence Business Process Services Cloud Solutions Core Modernization Digital Experience Digital Strategy Enterprise Platform Services Infrastructure Services Intelligent Process Automation Internet of Things Quality Engineering & Assurance Security Software Product Engineering Sustainability Services Consulting Insights Themes Modern Business Sustainability and Resilience Tech to Watch Research Deep Green Future-Ready Cities The Future of Us The Future-Ready Business Benchmark The Metaverse The Work Ahead Explore Blog Case Studies Insights Podcasts About Cognizant Annual Report Be.Cognizant Board of Directors Client Briefing Program Contact Us Corporate Governance Culture & Values Diversity & Inclusion ESG Leadership Team News & Press Releases Partnerships Public Policy Sponsorships Talent Worldwide Glossary Information for Suppliers
From biased algorithms to privacy concerns, companies find themselves facing a new frontier of ethical dilemmas, from how to ensure AI systems are fair and unbiased, to preventing them from being used for harmful purposes, to ensuring they are transparent and accountable.
LinkedIn Twitter Facebook Instagram YouTube Mapa del sitio Condiciones Aviso de privacidad Aviso de cookies Estado de información no financiera ©2023 Cognizant, todos los derechos reservados Industrias Automoción Banca Bienes de consumo Comunicaciones, medios y tecnología Educación Fabricación Industria farmacéutica Mercados de capitales Petróleo y gas Retail Sector sanitario Seguros Servicios de información Transporte y logística Utilities Viajes y alojamientos Servicios Automatización inteligente de procesos Estrategia digital Experiencia digital Ingeniería de producto de software Ingeniería y garantía de calidad Inteligencia artificial Internet de las cosas Modernización de sistemas core Modernización y servicios de aplicaciones Seguridad Servicios de aplicación empresarial Servicios de infraestructura Servicios de procesos de negocio Servicios de sostenibilidad Soluciones cloud Consultoría Ideas Temas La empresa moderna Sostenibilidad y resiliencia Tech to watch Informe Ciudades preparadas para el futuro Deep Green El metaverso Herramienta de evaluación comparativa preparado para el futuro The Future of Us The Work Ahead Explora Blog Casos prácticos Ideas Podcasts Acerca de Cognizant Be.Cognizant Consejo de Administración Contactar Cultura y valores Diversidad e inclusión Equipo directivo ESG Gobierno corporativo Informe anual Patrocinios Política corporativa Programa de sesiones informativas para clientes Sala de prensa Socios Talento Glosario Información para proveedores
ENTREPRISE ET BUREAUX À propos de Cognizant
Services Application Services & Modernization Contact
Fortune Modern Board 25
Services d'applications d'entreprise
UTILITIES
LinkedIn Twitter Facebook Instagram Youtube Plan du site Conditions Avis de confidentialité Politique relative aux cookies ©2023 Cognizant, tous droits réservés
Marketing operations Increase speed, efficiency and insights; get better marketing ROI. Learn more
Cognizant Business Process Services wins 15 Brandon Hall awards We are excited to announce that Cognizant Business Process Services’ Learning and Development team has once again garnered 15 awards across eight distinct categories at the prestigious Brandon Hall Group HCM Excellence Awards 2023. Learn more
Empresa*
What to do on Monday?
As AI adoption grows, organizations must confront a critical challenge: their outdated and rigid IT infrastructure. Legacy systems, with their integration complexities and lack of standardized APIs, struggle to keep pace with the computational demands and real-time data processing requirements of AI. Legacy infrastructure also pose a significant security risk. Built on foundations that predate the digital era, these systems were not designed to withstand the sophisticated attacks of today's threat landscape.  By embracing the future and committing to modernizing their infrastructure, organizations unlock heightened efficiency, accelerated innovation and the ability to redefine what's possible.
Pasión
INFORME
Conditions
Mensaje
MANUFACTURING Etex migrated large SAP workloads to Azure
Réinventer le monde du travail
Jan 18, 2023 Cognizant España, Top Employer por sexto año consecutivo Leer más
INFORME Cognizant, líder en el ecosistema Salesforce Cognizant se posiciona como líder  del ecosistema de socios de Salesforce en los mercados de EE.UU. Reino Unido, Alemania y Francia en el informe de 2023 de ISG Provider Lens™. Leer informe
Diversité et inclusion
Política corporativa
DISTINCIÓN Una de las mejores consultoras de EE.UU La presencia de Cognizant en la lista de Forbes subraya nuestra excelencia en el desarrollo de soluciones para todas las industrias.  Leer más INFORME Cognizant, líder en el ecosistema Salesforce Cognizant se posiciona como líder  del ecosistema de socios de Salesforce en los mercados de EE.UU. Reino Unido, Alemania y Francia en el informe de 2023 de ISG Provider Lens™. Leer informe RECONOCIMIENTO Una de las compañías más innovadoras de América Fortune y Statista nos otorgan este reconocimiento por nuestra innovación de producto, innovación de proceso y cultura de la innovación.  Leer más
Tech To Watch Neurotech: productivity booster or brain-snatcher? Many uses of ‘brain wearables’ risk overreach, even when intentions say otherwis... Read more
Be.Cognizant
Imaginez une entreprise capable d’agir avec la perspicacité humaine
Themes Modern Business Sustainability and Resilience Tech to Watch
Biens de consommation
Cognizant Belgium
Carousel starts
English Careers • News • Investors | Worldwide Search Belgium Industries Services Insights About Carousal Starts Imagine a business that can act with human insight Make your business more intuitive. Get ahead faster Reinventing the world of work Generative AI will drive dramatic change across the enterprise and transform how work gets done. Learn how Hit play on business transformation Take advantage of our unique combination of bold thinking and practical know-how powered by Cognizant consulting services. Learn more TO NEXT SECTION Carousal Ends Cognizant helps companies modernize technology, reimagine processes and transform experiences so they stay ahead in a fast-changing world. Drive your career forward. Fast. Browse job listings Cognizant Belgium See how Cognizant engineers your modern business. BLOG Cognizant Benelux blog COMPANY AND CULTURE About us MANUFACTURING Barry Callebaut empowers HR to give 13,000+ employees a voice MANUFACTURING Etex migrated large SAP workloads to Azure Future-ready means AI-ready Get five recommendations on how to build future-readiness into your enterprise, with AI as a driving force of your success. Explore the intel Engineering excellence We deliver excellence by hiring and partnering with the best in the business. RECOGNITION An Everest PEAK Matrix® DX Leader 2022 Cognizant's Digital Interactive Experience recognized as having a strong vision for the future of experience and the expertise to bring it to life. Read the report ACCOLADE Cognizant named a "Leader" in Salesforce ecosystem Cognizant is positioned as a 'Leader' in the ISG Provider Lens™ - Salesforce Ecosystem Partners 2023 Report across the US, UK, Germany, and France markets. Read the report RECOGNITION An Everest PEAK Matrix® Enterprise QA Leader 2022 Cognizant ranks ahead of 32 providers as a Leader in Everest Group’s PEAK Matrix® Assessment for creating prominent market impact in Enterprise QA services. Read the report carousel starts Take a look inside our Amsterdam Digital Studio Play video carousel ends News Nov 23, 2023 Cognizant selected by Alm. Brand Group to enable automation services Read more Nov 02, 2023 COGNIZANT REPORTS THIRD QUARTER 2023 RESULTS Read more Oct 31, 2023 Cognizant Launches Synapse Initiative to Provide Job Training to One Million Individuals Around the Globe Read more See all Cognizant news Get answers to your questions Our clients turn to us to help them reimagine ways of working with technology. Name* Email* Organization* Contact Number* Region* North America South America Europe Middle East APAC India Inquiry Type* Alumni Career Seekers Investor Relations Media Partners Request for Services Message Submit This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. LinkedIn Twitter Facebook Instagram YouTube Sitemap Terms Privacy Notice Cookie Notice ©2023 Cognizant, all rights reserved Industries Automotive Banking Capital Markets Communications, Media & Technology Consumer Goods Education Healthcare Information Services Insurance Life Sciences Manufacturing Oil & Gas Retail Transportation & Logistics Travel & Hospitality Utilities Services Application Services & Modernization Artificial Intelligence Business Process Services Cloud Solutions Core Modernization Digital Experience Digital Strategy Enterprise Application Services Infrastructure Services Intelligent Process Automation Internet of Things Quality Engineering & Assurance Security Software Product Engineering Sustainability Services Consulting Insights Themes Modern Business Sustainability and Resilience Tech to Watch Research Deep Green The Future of Us The Future-Ready Business Benchmark The Green Rush The Metaverse The Work Ahead Explore Blog Case Studies Insights Podcasts About Cognizant Annual Report Be.Cognizant Board of Directors Client Briefing Program Contact Us Corporate Governance Culture & Values Diversity & Inclusion ESG Leadership Team News & Press Releases Partnerships Public Policy Sponsorships Talent Worldwide Glossary Information for Suppliers Back to top
Employees worldwide
Privacy Notice
How manufacturers can balance the sustainability equation 11.27.2023 Our recent study reveals three challenges for manufacturers to overcome as they pursue a more sustainable way to operate and produce goods. Read more CRISPR gene editing has arrived. Here’s what that means 11.23.2023 The world’s first medical treatment using the CRISPR gene-editing tool has won approval. The implications are enormous. Read more Crucial steps toward eliminating violence against women 11.22.2023 Cognizant supports the UN’s International Day for the Elimination of Violence Against Women. Read more Let’s focus on connection in Native American Heritage Month 11.21.2023 Social and workplace connections are strongest when we value diversity and authenticity and ensure all voices are heard. Read more Neurotech: productivity booster or brain-snatcher? 11.16.2023 Many uses of ‘brain wearables’ risk overreach, even when intentions say otherwise. Read more
El éxito del proceso de transformación radica más en la cultura que en la tecnología
Transform experiences Reach new levels of convenience, elegance and beauty with hyper-personalized experiences that connect faster, generate growth and build brand loyalty. Learn more Reimagine processes Learn how process automation and technology can help your business act with the kind of insight, precision and speed needed in our fast-changing world. Learn more Modernize technology Stay relevant today and ready for tomorrow with software built to learn and deploy massive processing power—all unlocked in the cloud to create value in every byte of data. Learn more
Industrias Servicios Ideas Acerca de
Healthcare BPaaS
WHITEPAPERS Industrializing zero application maintenance By applying a rigorous and automated approach to supporting applications, IT organizations can reduce spending, increase repair accuracy, minimize application debt across the portfolio, free up resources for more strategic business imperatives and improve application yield to deliver enhanced business outcomes.  Learn more
Investors View prior earnings releases and more. Visit Investor Relations
We form partnerships and strategic alliances with world-class organizations to expand our service offerings and deliver comprehensive solutions to clients. Strategic alliances with the world’s leading companies enable us to provide complete solutions to your business and IT challenges.
Thriving in the new era of AI
Explore the intel
EXPERTISE APPROFONDIE
Application modernization
carousel starts Take a look inside our Amsterdam Digital Studio Play video carousel ends
Travel & Hospitality
Seguridad
English Careers • News • Investors | Worldwide Search Belgium Industries Services Insights About
APAC
Carousel starts PERSPECTIVES Achieving escape velocity when moving business-critical mainframe apps to the cloud To meet its growth objectives and customers’ rising expectations, Venerable needed to modernize a core application with 1980s roots. To get there, it created a technology ecosystem of partners that pivoted around Amazon Web Services to quickly up its cloud migration game. Learn more WHITEPAPERS Industrializing zero application maintenance By applying a rigorous and automated approach to supporting applications, IT organizations can reduce spending, increase repair accuracy, minimize application debt across the portfolio, free up resources for more strategic business imperatives and improve application yield to deliver enhanced business outcomes.  Learn more WHITEPAPERS Pitfalls & challenges faced during a microservices architecture implementation Microservices are the de facto design approach for building digital applications. Learn more Carousel ends
Oil & Gas Retail Transportation & Logistics Travel & Hospitality Utilities
Papa John's delivers customer delight and increases revenue by 15% per order
Drive your career forward. Fast. Browse job listings
What to do on Monday? As the transformative power of AI becomes increasingly evident, forward-thinking companies are recognizing that AI is not just a buzzword but a strategic tool that holds the key to unlocking innovation, efficiency and growth. The question is how to harness AI to get the full value out of this powerful technology. Here are our recommendations to ensure your readiness for the future:
PERSPECTIVES
Plan du site
11.22.2023
TRAVEL & HOSPITALITY Papa John's delivers customer delight and increases revenue by 15% per order Revising the customer experience process with an intelligent order management system for retail and consumer goods resulted in gains in CX and sales. Learn more LIFE SCIENCES Read how Siemens Healthineers transformed CX across the globe An end-to-end CX transformation helped Siemens reimagine customer service and cut license costs by 30%. Learn more HEALTHCARE Intelligent automation spurs 600% faster claims processing Adding 2,000 IPA bots and an automation center of excellence for collaboration helped an insurer save $40M annually and boost capacity by 43M+ claims per year. Learn more
LIFE SCIENCES
Improve health plan operations with pre-integrated technology solutions, proven processes and intelligent automation.
The Green Rush
Nous offrons des services hors pair grâce à notre politique de recrutement et de partenariats avec les experts du secteur.
Services Application Services & Modernization Contact Agile footing for business applications Overview Featured work Offerings Enablers Latest thinking Our partners Contact us Engineering applications for modern businesses Accelerate modernization with software and platform-driven solutions. Facing a new normal, today’s enterprises must modernize their business, fuel innovation and become more agile. That may require compressing years of change into months. At Cognizant, our application modernization services help you achieve agility for an increasingly digital world. Integrate a combination of accelerators, platforms and strategic partners to modernize core business applications. The result: An enterprise that’s ready for whatever the new normal has in store for you. Carousel starts HFS ranks Cognizant #1 overall provider for Application Modernization Services Recognized as top provider overall across execution, innovation, HFS OneOffice™ alignment and voice of the customer. Learn more Carousel ends Featured work Carousel starts INSURANCE Insurer boosts revenue with faster quote-to-buy process Learn more UTILITIES Application consolidation effort for boosting customer experience Learn more COMMUNICATIONS Standardized billing boosts efficiency Learn more Carousel ends Offerings Drive digital CX and business outcomes We engineer applications for modern businesses. We help organizations deliver maximum digital value and unleash an unbeatable competitive advantage by leveraging modern software engineering principles, homegrown platforms, deep industry expertise and strategic partnership networks. Enterprise application development    Application modernization     Application management        Enablers Modernize faster with a strong development toolchain Our technology enablers help your business drive relevance and increase application lifetime, achieve a “first time right” design methodology and unify your modernization strategy and execution. Cognizant AppLens Cognizant Lifecycle Engineering Acceleration Platform Cognizant Modernization Acceleration Platform Cognizant Business Outcomes & Experience Dashboard carousel starts How to build the foundation for a resilient, future-ready business Play video carousel ends Latest thinking Carousel starts PERSPECTIVES Achieving escape velocity when moving business-critical mainframe apps to the cloud To meet its growth objectives and customers’ rising expectations, Venerable needed to modernize a core application with 1980s roots. To get there, it created a technology ecosystem of partners that pivoted around Amazon Web Services to quickly up its cloud migration game. Learn more WHITEPAPERS Industrializing zero application maintenance By applying a rigorous and automated approach to supporting applications, IT organizations can reduce spending, increase repair accuracy, minimize application debt across the portfolio, free up resources for more strategic business imperatives and improve application yield to deliver enhanced business outcomes.  Learn more WHITEPAPERS Pitfalls & challenges faced during a microservices architecture implementation Microservices are the de facto design approach for building digital applications. Learn more Carousel ends Our partners We form partnerships and strategic alliances with world-class organizations to expand our service offerings and deliver comprehensive solutions to clients. Strategic alliances with the world’s leading companies enable us to provide complete solutions to your business and IT challenges. Take the first step Serving customers by looking forward as well as back is a big promise, but the power of today’s new digital capabilities is vast and growing.  Let’s talk about how digital can work for your business.
See how Cognizant engineers your modern business.
Nov 23, 2023 Cognizant selected by Alm. Brand Group to enable automation services Read more Nov 02, 2023 COGNIZANT REPORTS THIRD QUARTER 2023 RESULTS Read more Oct 31, 2023 Cognizant Launches Synapse Initiative to Provide Job Training to One Million Individuals Around the Globe Read more
Consulting
Contact Us
Learn how process automation and technology can help your business act with the kind of insight, precision and speed needed in our fast-changing world.
Partenaires
Services Business Process Services Contact
Difficulty achieving full tech value
Secteurs d'activité Services Insights À propos
LIFE SCIENCES Read how Siemens Healthineers transformed CX across the globe An end-to-end CX transformation helped Siemens reimagine customer service and cut license costs by 30%. Learn more
Many businesses are struggling to find AI talent, including machine learning, natural language processing and computer vision, as well as soft skills like creativity and problem-solving. Those that do find it are often forced to pay top dollar.  The rapid evolution of AI necessitates professionals who not only possess existing skills but also have the capacity for continuous learning and adaptation.  Retaining these professionals proves to be equally arduous. Talented AI professionals are constantly courted by new and exciting opportunities.
Consigue respuestas a tu preguntas Nuestros clientes acuden a nosotros para que les ayudemos a repensar nuevas formas de trabajar con la tecnología. Nombre* Correo electrónico* Empresa* Teléfono de contacto* Región* Norteamérica Sudamérica Europa Oriente Medio APAC India Tipo de consulta* Alumni Buscadores de empleo Relaciones con inversores Medios Socios Petición de servicios Mensaje Enviar Este sitio está protegido por reCAPTCHA y se aplican la  política de privacidad y los términos de servicio  de Google.
How we behave
Join our team Empower your career and future-proof your skills while you help the world’s most influential companies, including marquee Global 2000 clients and Silicon Valley heavy hitters, win with intuition. Join the industry leader. Browse job listings
Cognizant's Digital Interactive Experience recognized as having a strong vision for the future of experience and the expertise to bring it to life.
PERSPECTIVES Achieving escape velocity when moving business-critical mainframe apps to the cloud To meet its growth objectives and customers’ rising expectations, Venerable needed to modernize a core application with 1980s roots. To get there, it created a technology ecosystem of partners that pivoted around Amazon Web Services to quickly up its cloud migration game. Learn more WHITEPAPERS Industrializing zero application maintenance By applying a rigorous and automated approach to supporting applications, IT organizations can reduce spending, increase repair accuracy, minimize application debt across the portfolio, free up resources for more strategic business imperatives and improve application yield to deliver enhanced business outcomes.  Learn more WHITEPAPERS Pitfalls & challenges faced during a microservices architecture implementation Microservices are the de facto design approach for building digital applications. Learn more
Make your business more intuitive.
LinkedIn Twitter Facebook Instagram Youtube Plan du site Conditions Avis de confidentialité Politique relative aux cookies ©2023 Cognizant, tous droits réservés Secteurs d'activité Assurance Banque Biens de consommation Commodities Trading Communications, médias et technologie Distribution Éducation Industrie Industrie automobile Industrie du pétrole et du gaz Information Life sciences Marchés de capitaux Santé Tourisme et hôtellerie Transport et logistique Utilities Services Assurance et ingénierie qualité Automatisation intelligente des processus Data et Intelligence artificielle Développement durable Expérience digitale Ingénierie de produits logiciels IoT Modernisation des infrastructures et applications de base Sécurité Services d'applications d'entreprise Services d'infrastructure IT Services de processus métiers Services et modernisation des applications Solutions cloud Stratégie digitale Consulting Insights Focus Développement durable et résilience Modern business Tech to watch Recherche Deep Green Le métavers The Future of Us The Future-Ready Business Benchmark The Green Rush The Work Ahead Explorer Blog Cas clients Insights Podcasts À propos de Cognizant Actualités et communiqués de presse Be.Cognizant Client Briefing Program Conseil d’admin. Culture et valeurs Diversité et inclusion Équipe de direction ESG Gouvernance Nous contacter Parrainages Partenariats Politique publique Rapport annuel Talents dans le monde Glossaire Informations pour les fournisseurs
3  Invest in AI talent
The Future-Ready Business Benchmark
Industrias Automoción Banca Bienes de consumo Comunicaciones, medios y tecnología Educación Fabricación Industria farmacéutica Mercados de capitales Petróleo y gas Retail Sector sanitario Seguros Servicios de información Transporte y logística Utilities Viajes y alojamientos Servicios Automatización inteligente de procesos Estrategia digital Experiencia digital Ingeniería de producto de software Ingeniería y garantía de calidad Inteligencia artificial Internet de las cosas Modernización de sistemas core Modernización y servicios de aplicaciones Seguridad Servicios de aplicación empresarial Servicios de infraestructura Servicios de procesos de negocio Servicios de sostenibilidad Soluciones cloud Consultoría Ideas Temas La empresa moderna Sostenibilidad y resiliencia Tech to watch Informe Ciudades preparadas para el futuro Deep Green El metaverso Herramienta de evaluación comparativa preparado para el futuro The Future of Us The Work Ahead Explora Blog Casos prácticos Ideas Podcasts Acerca de Cognizant Be.Cognizant Consejo de Administración Contactar Cultura y valores Diversidad e inclusión Equipo directivo ESG Gobierno corporativo Informe anual Patrocinios Política corporativa Programa de sesiones informativas para clientes Sala de prensa Socios Talento Glosario Información para proveedores
Médias
Podcasts
News
OPERATE WITH INSIGHT AND SPEED
Industrias
experiencias
Cognizant supports the UN’s International Day for the Elimination of Violence Against Women. Read more
Nov 02, 2023
Marketing operations
News Nov 23, 2023 Cognizant selected by Alm. Brand Group to enable automation services Read more Nov 02, 2023 COGNIZANT REPORTS THIRD QUARTER 2023 RESULTS Read more Oct 31, 2023 Cognizant Launches Synapse Initiative to Provide Job Training to One Million Individuals Around the Globe Read more See all Cognizant news
Generate growth as you drive intuitive experiences, unparalleled efficiency and innovation.
Oil & Gas
Recognized as top provider overall across execution, innovation, HFS OneOffice™ alignment and voice of the customer.
En savoir plus
For more on this topic, see our AI solutions webpage or contact us.
PATROCINIOS
Engineering excellence We deliver excellence by hiring and partnering with the best in the business. RECOGNITION An Everest PEAK Matrix® DX Leader 2022 Cognizant's Digital Interactive Experience recognized as having a strong vision for the future of experience and the expertise to bring it to life. Read the report ACCOLADE Cognizant named a "Leader" in Salesforce ecosystem Cognizant is positioned as a 'Leader' in the ISG Provider Lens™ - Salesforce Ecosystem Partners 2023 Report across the US, UK, Germany, and France markets. Read the report RECOGNITION An Everest PEAK Matrix® Enterprise QA Leader 2022 Cognizant ranks ahead of 32 providers as a Leader in Everest Group’s PEAK Matrix® Assessment for creating prominent market impact in Enterprise QA services. Read the report
Cognizant Neuro® Business Processes Simplify and accelerate automation adoption, integrate and orchestrate resources and see returns faster. Learn more
Enable your AI and generative AI models to deliver valuable, ethical and contextually accurate results.
See all Cognizant news
Prepárate para el futuro con la IA
About Cognizant Contact
LinkedIn Twitter Facebook Instagram YouTube Mapa del sitio Condiciones Aviso de privacidad Aviso de cookies Estado de información no financiera ©2023 Cognizant, todos los derechos reservados
España Industrias Servicios Ideas Acerca de
Sustainability and Resilience
Cinco consejos sobre cómo preparar el negocio para el futuro con la IA como motor del éxito.
Services d'infrastructure IT Services de processus métiers Services et modernisation des applications Solutions cloud Stratégie digitale
Careers Be part of our journey to make a difference. Join us Contact Let’s start a conversation. Get in touch Investors View prior earnings releases and more. Visit Investor Relations
Assurance et Ingénierie Qualité
11.27.2023
How gen AI is reimagining and remaking the modern contact center Generative AI allows companies to quickly build, deploy, and scale AI powered customer services. Companies can maximize the benefits of AI while reducing costs associated with managing their digital presence. This makes it easier for them to stay competitive in today's digital marketplace without incurring high costs. Read more
Crucial steps toward eliminating violence against women
COMPAÑÍA Y CULTURA Conócenos
AI solutions
Explorer Blog Cas clients Insights Podcasts
Connect with Cognizant
Take the first step Serving customers by looking forward as well as back is a big promise, but the power of today’s new digital capabilities is vast and growing.  Let’s talk about how digital can work for your business.
Actualités et communiqués de presse Be.Cognizant Client Briefing Program Conseil d’admin. Culture et valeurs Diversité et inclusion Équipe de direction ESG Gouvernance Nous contacter Parrainages Partenariats Politique publique Rapport annuel Talents dans le monde
Cognizant Belgium See how Cognizant engineers your modern business. BLOG Cognizant Benelux blog COMPANY AND CULTURE About us MANUFACTURING Barry Callebaut empowers HR to give 13,000+ employees a voice MANUFACTURING Etex migrated large SAP workloads to Azure
Una de las mejores consultoras de EE.UU
Application consolidation effort for boosting customer experience
Objet de la requête*
Submit
For example, fear  of job displacement and uncertainty can spur doubt regarding the potential of AI, while a limited understanding of AI can also stifle its adoption because of skepticism or a lack of trust in its insights. 
Focus Développement durable et résilience Modern business Tech to watch
#19
Failure to address biased algorithms, privacy infringements and ethical decision-making by autonomous systems can unleash a torrent of consequences. Embracing the ethical dimensions of AI is not an option—it is an imperative.
Software Product Engineering
Educación
We respect everyone’s unique voice and background because we know that diversity helps us thrive, and we benefit from having everyone at the table.
AMF1
RECOGNITION An Everest PEAK Matrix® DX Leader 2022 Cognizant's Digital Interactive Experience recognized as having a strong vision for the future of experience and the expertise to bring it to life. Read the report
Sécurité
Organization*
technology
Deliver the intuitive experiences customers demand.
Recherche Deep Green Le métavers The Future of Us The Future-Ready Business Benchmark The Green Rush The Work Ahead
Careers Be part of our journey to make a difference. Join us
Generative AI and the future of work: what businesses need to know Generative AI will change how we work by acting behind the scenes to pull together all aspects of the business and provide a unified access point for consumers and employees alike. Learn more
Descubre la importancia del conocimiento para el negocio Entiende cómo y por qué se ha convertido en el principal elemento de la empresa moderna. Más información El éxito del proceso de transformación radica más en la cultura que en la tecnología Manuel Ávalos, responsable del Sur de Europa de Cognizant. Leer más Prepárate para el futuro con la IA Cinco consejos sobre cómo preparar el negocio para el futuro con la IA como motor del éxito. Leer más TO NEXT SECTION
faster time to market
View prior earnings releases and more.
Embrace the AI-powered future
The trouble when AI chatbots act too human
Carousel starts HFS ranks Cognizant #1 overall provider for Application Modernization Services Recognized as top provider overall across execution, innovation, HFS OneOffice™ alignment and voice of the customer. Learn more Carousel ends
Cognizant ayuda a las compañías a modernizar su tecnología, rediseñar procesos y transformar experiencias para ir un paso por delante en un mundo en continuo cambio.
News & Press Releases
Industries Automotive Banking Capital Markets Communications, Media & Technology Consumer Goods Education Healthcare Information Services Insurance Life Sciences Manufacturing Oil & Gas Retail Transportation & Logistics Travel & Hospitality Utilities Services Application Services & Modernization Artificial Intelligence Business Process Services Cloud Solutions Core Modernization Digital Experience Digital Strategy Enterprise Application Services Infrastructure Services Intelligent Process Automation Internet of Things Quality Engineering & Assurance Security Software Product Engineering Sustainability Services Consulting Insights Themes Modern Business Sustainability and Resilience Tech to Watch Research Deep Green The Future of Us The Future-Ready Business Benchmark The Green Rush The Metaverse The Work Ahead Explore Blog Case Studies Insights Podcasts About Cognizant Annual Report Be.Cognizant Board of Directors Client Briefing Program Contact Us Corporate Governance Culture & Values Diversity & Inclusion ESG Leadership Team News & Press Releases Partnerships Public Policy Sponsorships Talent Worldwide Glossary Information for Suppliers
Industries Automotive Banking Capital Markets Communications, Media & Technology Consumer Goods Education Healthcare Information Services Insurance Life Sciences Manufacturing Oil & Gas Retail Transportation & Logistics Travel & Hospitality Utilities Services Application Services & Modernization Artificial Intelligence Business Process Services Cloud Solutions Core Modernization Digital Experience Digital Strategy Enterprise Application Services Infrastructure Services Intelligent Process Automation Internet of Things Quality Engineering & Assurance Security Software Product Engineering Sustainability Services Consulting Insights Themes Modern Business Sustainability and Resilience Tech to Watch Research Deep Green The Future of Us The Future-Ready Business Benchmark The Green Rush The Metaverse The Work Ahead Explore Blog Case Studies Insights Podcasts
Carousel starts >15% revenue increase per transaction 600% faster claims processing $900M cost savings 50% faster time to market 50% faster ordering processes Carousel ends
Region*
Some of the results we've delivered
Message
Gouvernance
Business Process Services
Featured services Explore more services
Glossaire
Careers • News • Events • Investors | Worldwide Search
Cognizant Launches Synapse Initiative to Provide Job Training to One Million Individuals Around the Globe
An Everest PEAK Matrix® Enterprise QA Leader 2022
Career Seekers
Consumer Goods
What it will take to build the city of the future
ASSURANCE
At Cognizant, our application modernization services help you achieve agility for an increasingly digital world. Integrate a combination of accelerators, platforms and strategic partners to modernize core business applications. The result: An enterprise that’s ready for whatever the new normal has in store for you.
Nombre*
Entreprise*
Omnichannel customer care Deliver the intuitive experiences customers demand. Learn more
Marchés de capitaux Santé Tourisme et hôtellerie Transport et logistique Utilities
Cubrimos todas las actividades del ciclo de vida del software, desde la gestión del proyecto, análisis, diseño, desarrollo, pruebas y despliegue.
Socios
Themes
RECOGNITION An Everest PEAK Matrix® DX Leader 2022 Cognizant's Digital Interactive Experience recognized as having a strong vision for the future of experience and the expertise to bring it to life. Read the report ACCOLADE Cognizant named a "Leader" in Salesforce ecosystem Cognizant is positioned as a 'Leader' in the ISG Provider Lens™ - Salesforce Ecosystem Partners 2023 Report across the US, UK, Germany, and France markets. Read the report RECOGNITION An Everest PEAK Matrix® Enterprise QA Leader 2022 Cognizant ranks ahead of 32 providers as a Leader in Everest Group’s PEAK Matrix® Assessment for creating prominent market impact in Enterprise QA services. Read the report
Modernize data infrastructure Overhaul legacy technology Invest in AI talent Prioritize responsible AI Foster an AI-friendly culture
Actualités et communiqués de presse
Norteamérica
Jump to a section:
View our corporate overview
North America
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
BPS and automation services As a business operations partner to some of the largest digital pioneers in the world, we operate at the frontier of the new. We combine our distinctive expertise in powering modern operating models with industry depth and our leadership in process and IT automation to help your business transform operations, stay relevant and thrive. Featured services Explore more services AI training services Enable your AI and generative AI models to deliver valuable, ethical and contextually accurate results. Learn more Cognizant Neuro® Business Processes Simplify and accelerate automation adoption, integrate and orchestrate resources and see returns faster. Learn more Omnichannel customer care Deliver the intuitive experiences customers demand. Learn more Business ops to accelerate scale Grow digitally native scale-ups and new revenue streams at the speed of ideas. Learn more Finance & accounting Generate new business value from finance and accounting. Learn more Healthcare Understand the new playbook for growth: driving intuitive experiences, game-changing efficiency and innovation. Learn more Life sciences Accelerate insights and customer-centric innovation; increase efficiency. Learn more Banking and financial services Generate growth as you drive intuitive experiences, unparalleled efficiency and innovation. Learn more Intelligent automation services Get your business future-ready with industry-aligned IT and process automation solutions. Learn more Healthcare BPaaS Improve health plan operations with pre-integrated technology solutions, proven processes and intelligent automation. Learn more Marketing operations Increase speed, efficiency and insights; get better marketing ROI. Learn more Employee experience enterprise services Find out how you can deliver persona-based employee experiences at scale. Learn more
Inde
About
INSURANCE
Our clients turn to us to help them reimagine ways of working with technology.
À propos de Cognizant
About Cognizant
need to be future-ready
©2023 Cognizant, tous droits réservés
Nom* E-mail* Entreprise* Numéro de téléphone* Zone géographique* Amérique du Nord Amérique du Sud Europe Moyen-Orient Asie-Pacifique Inde Objet de la requête* Alumni Carrière Investisseur Médias Partenaires Demande de services Votre message Envoyer
Industrie
The fact is—whether it’s generative AI or another type of AI—succeeding with AI/ML initiatives requires businesses to make a variety of unforeseen adjustments. The good news is, many businesses are beginning to attain the full value of their AI implementations. It starts with moving past the AI hype and understanding what it takes to succeed with this technology.
Application Services & Modernization Artificial Intelligence Business Process Services Cloud Solutions Core Modernization
Application Services & Modernization
The world’s first medical treatment using the CRISPR gene-editing tool has won a...
Intelligent automation services
The world’s first medical treatment using the CRISPR gene-editing tool has won approval. The implications are enormous. Read more
Enterprise Application Services
Overcoming these challenges requires a multi-faceted approach to acquire and nurture AI talent, ensuring a strong workforce capable of driving innovation and achieving AI excellence:
tecnología
Security
Sala de prensa
Mastering the five elements to be AI-ready
Casos prácticos
Assurance et ingénierie qualité Automatisation intelligente des processus Data et Intelligence artificielle Développement durable Expérience digitale Ingénierie de produits logiciels IoT Modernisation des infrastructures et applications de base Sécurité Services d'applications d'entreprise Services d'infrastructure IT Services de processus métiers Services et modernisation des applications Solutions cloud Stratégie digitale
Cloud Solutions
procesos
La transformation numérique des centres de contacts réduit la DMT de 25 %
Nous sommes reconnus pour notre culture d’innovation, notre innovation en matière de processus et notre innovation produit par Fortune et Statista, Inc. 
Inversores
Public Policy
Capital Markets
A future-ready city needs to be not just ‘smart’ but also resilient. Our research reveals six imperatives for cities to fulfill their future-ready vision.
Cognizant is positioned as a 'Leader' in the ISG Provider Lens™ - Salesforce Ecosystem Partners 2023 Report across the US, UK, Germany, and France markets.
2  Overhaul legacy technology
Carousal Starts Descubre la importancia del conocimiento para el negocio Entiende cómo y por qué se ha convertido en el principal elemento de la empresa moderna. Más información El éxito del proceso de transformación radica más en la cultura que en la tecnología Manuel Ávalos, responsable del Sur de Europa de Cognizant. Leer más Prepárate para el futuro con la IA Cinco consejos sobre cómo preparar el negocio para el futuro con la IA como motor del éxito. Leer más TO NEXT SECTION Carousal Ends
Middle East
5  Foster an AI-friendly culture
CONOCE A NUESTROS EXPERTOS Servicios Coe Banca y Temenos Cubrimos todas las actividades del ciclo de vida del software, desde la gestión del proyecto, análisis, diseño, desarrollo, pruebas y despliegue. IA y Analytics Nuestras soluciones en la nube, big data o de análisis predictivo para convertir la información en conocimiento te ayudarán en la toma de mejores decisiones. Digital Experience Nuestros expertos vinculan los datos al diseño, los sistemas a las historias y el conocimiento a los resultados para crear experiencias únicas.
Business ops to accelerate scale Grow digitally native scale-ups and new revenue streams at the speed of ideas. Learn more
Équipe de direction
Business outcomes and strong ROI Some of the results we've delivered Carousel starts >15% revenue increase per transaction 600% faster claims processing $900M cost savings 50% faster time to market 50% faster ordering processes Carousel ends
AI training services
Engineering excellence We deliver excellence by hiring and partnering with the best in the business.
Transportation & Logistics
Nos clients font appel à nous pour les aider à repenser leur utilisation des technologies.
How we’re applying generative AI today
Informe Ciudades preparadas para el futuro Deep Green El metaverso Herramienta de evaluación comparativa preparado para el futuro The Future of Us The Work Ahead
Partnerships
DISTINCTION Cognizant parmi les entreprises américaines les plus innovantes Nous sommes reconnus pour notre culture d’innovation, notre innovation en matière de processus et notre innovation produit par Fortune et Statista, Inc.  En savoir plus
Application Services & Modernization Artificial Intelligence Business Process Services Cloud Solutions Core Modernization Digital Experience Digital Strategy Enterprise Application Services Infrastructure Services Intelligent Process Automation Internet of Things Quality Engineering & Assurance Security Software Product Engineering Sustainability Services
Nuestros expertos vinculan los datos al diseño, los sistemas a las historias y el conocimiento a los resultados para crear experiencias únicas.
To explore performance imperatives for an era of pervasive AI, Cognizant spoke to business leaders and subject matter specialists about four areas experiencing tectonic shifts: organization and people, experimentation for innovation and new revenue streams, partnership ecosystems and operations.
BLOG
Visit our Tech to Watch webpage
11.23.2023
AMF1 IA, IoT, cloud
Industrias Automoción Banca Bienes de consumo Comunicaciones, medios y tecnología Educación Fabricación Industria farmacéutica Mercados de capitales Petróleo y gas Retail Sector sanitario Seguros Servicios de información Transporte y logística Utilities Viajes y alojamientos Servicios Automatización inteligente de procesos Estrategia digital Experiencia digital Ingeniería de producto de software Ingeniería y garantía de calidad Inteligencia artificial Internet de las cosas Modernización de sistemas core Modernización y servicios de aplicaciones Seguridad Servicios de aplicación empresarial Servicios de infraestructura Servicios de procesos de negocio Servicios de sostenibilidad Soluciones cloud Consultoría Ideas Temas La empresa moderna Sostenibilidad y resiliencia Tech to watch Informe Ciudades preparadas para el futuro Deep Green El metaverso Herramienta de evaluación comparativa preparado para el futuro The Future of Us The Work Ahead Explora Blog Casos prácticos Ideas Podcasts
Coe Banca y Temenos Cubrimos todas las actividades del ciclo de vida del software, desde la gestión del proyecto, análisis, diseño, desarrollo, pruebas y despliegue.
Healthcare
 
TRAVEL & HOSPITALITY
AI is a top-6 most-used technology
À propos
For more, visit the 
Deep Green: a new breed of business
RECOGNITION
600% faster claims processing
Tech To Watch CRISPR gene editing has arrived. Here’s what that means The world’s first medical treatment using the CRISPR gene-editing tool has won a...
IA, IoT, cloud
Internet de las cosas
We engineer applications for modern businesses. We help organizations deliver maximum digital value and unleash an unbeatable competitive advantage by leveraging modern software engineering principles, homegrown platforms, deep industry expertise and strategic partnership networks.
Healthcare BPaaS Improve health plan operations with pre-integrated technology solutions, proven processes and intelligent automation. Learn more
Take the first step To discuss game-changing returns for your business with Business Process Services and Automation, please fill out the information below and we’ll contact you.
Cognizant Benelux blog
Talento
Le métavers
11.16.2023
Nov 23, 2023 Cognizant selected by Alm. Brand Group to enable automation services Read more
Videos
Cookie Notice
Insurer boosts revenue with faster quote-to-buy process
Retail
Our culture inspires us to live our values
Core Modernization
Nos 5 conseils pour faire avancer votre entreprise dans la bonne direction avec l’IA comme moteur.
Avis de confidentialité
Themes Modern Business Sustainability and Resilience Tech to Watch Research Deep Green The Future of Us The Future-Ready Business Benchmark The Green Rush The Metaverse The Work Ahead Explore Blog Case Studies Insights Podcasts
As the transformative power of AI becomes increasingly evident, forward-thinking companies are recognizing that AI is not just a buzzword but a strategic tool that holds the key to unlocking innovation, efficiency and growth. The question is how to harness AI to get the full value out of this powerful technology.
Cognizant Suisse Découvrez comment Cognizant modernise les entreprises ENTREPRISE ET BUREAUX À propos de Cognizant ASSURANCE La transformation numérique des centres de contacts réduit la DMT de 25 % UTILITIES Uniper accélère son processus décisionnel avec la découverte intuitive des données À PROPOS Les professionnelles de la tech
An end-to-end CX transformation helped Siemens reimagine customer service and cut license costs by 30%.
Modern Business
Mastering the five elements to be AI-ready Drawing on our analysis and experience, we have crafted five recommendations that enable traditional enterprises to proactively embrace AI. These recommendations center on orchestrating AI within a broader ecosystem encompassing data, technology, talent, responsible AI practices and organizational culture. By integrating these elements, enterprises can pave the way for a future in which AI becomes a driving force of their success. Jump to a section:
4  Prioritize responsible AI From biased algorithms to privacy concerns, companies find themselves facing a new frontier of ethical dilemmas, from how to ensure AI systems are fair and unbiased, to preventing them from being used for harmful purposes, to ensuring they are transparent and accountable. Failure to address biased algorithms, privacy infringements and ethical decision-making by autonomous systems can unleash a torrent of consequences. Embracing the ethical dimensions of AI is not an option—it is an imperative. Source: MIT Sloan Management Review Businesses should view these ethical challenges as catalysts for growth rather than obstacles. By taking a firm stance on responsible AI, companies can lead the way toward a safe and secure future. Here are the essential steps that organizations can take to forge a powerful alliance with AI: The following companies are integrating responsible AI practices into their operations and demonstrating a commitment to achieving positive outcomes for their customers, employees and the broader society:
Informations pour les fournisseurs
Data et Intelligence artificielle
Play video
Focus
Modern operations for the intuitive enterprise
Tech to Watch
The biggest brands people rely on every day—rely on our people every day 345,600 Employees worldwide $19.4B Total revenue #19 Fortune Modern Board 25 View our corporate overview View our corporate fact sheet
Aviso de privacidad
Social and workplace connections are strongest when we value diversity and authenticity and ensure all voices are heard. Read more
By applying a rigorous and automated approach to supporting applications, IT organizations can reduce spending, increase repair accuracy, minimize application debt across the portfolio, free up resources for more strategic business imperatives and improve application yield to deliver enhanced business outcomes. 
Invest in AI talent
Digital Experience Digital Strategy Enterprise Platform Services Infrastructure Services Intelligent Process Automation
Nom* E-mail* Entreprise* Numéro de téléphone* Zone géographique* Amérique du Nord Amérique du Sud Europe Moyen-Orient Asie-Pacifique Inde Objet de la requête* Alumni Carrière Investisseur Médias Partenaires Demande de services
Impulsa tu carrera.
Application management
Sitemap
HEALTHCARE Intelligent automation spurs 600% faster claims processing Adding 2,000 IPA bots and an automation center of excellence for collaboration helped an insurer save $40M annually and boost capacity by 43M+ claims per year. Learn more
Facebook
Internet of Things Quality Engineering & Assurance Security Software Product Engineering Sustainability Services
Servicios de infraestructura
At the same time, however, just 39% of respondents said their AI/ML had already contributed significant business value. In fact, even though it was the sixth most-adopted technology, it was second to the bottom on the list in terms of its perceived value (see Figure 2). The fact is—whether it’s generative AI or another type of AI—succeeding with AI/ML initiatives requires businesses to make a variety of unforeseen adjustments. The good news is, many businesses are beginning to attain the full value of their AI implementations. It starts with moving past the AI hype and understanding what it takes to succeed with this technology. Difficulty achieving full tech value Q : To what extent are the technologies you've adopted delivering strategic value to your operations? (Percent of respondents saying significant value)
2 
Ready for anything: what it means to be a modern business
Back to top
BPS and automation services
processes
The path to AI-readiness stretches far beyond technological prowess. It demands a cultural metamorphosis that embraces change and dispels misperceptions and fear.  For example, fear  of job displacement and uncertainty can spur doubt regarding the potential of AI, while a limited understanding of AI can also stifle its adoption because of skepticism or a lack of trust in its insights.  Businesses also need a strong cultural foundation to address the complex ethical dilemmas associated with AI, including establishing guidelines and frameworks for responsible AI use, and promoting open discussions and diverse perspectives.
Modernización y servicios de aplicaciones
Lancez votre transformation d’entreprise
Únete a nosotros • Noticias • Inversores | Worldwide Search
Estado de información no financiera
Life sciences Accelerate insights and customer-centric innovation; increase efficiency. Learn more
carousel starts How do digitally native businesses uniquely address change? Play video carousel ends
Generative AI will drive dramatic change across the enterprise and transform how work gets done.
To meet its growth objectives and customers’ rising expectations, Venerable needed to modernize a core application with 1980s roots. To get there, it created a technology ecosystem of partners that pivoted around Amazon Web Services to quickly up its cloud migration game.
Corporate Governance
Cognizant España Descubre cómo Cognizant crea tu empresa moderna. COMPAÑÍA Y CULTURA Conócenos ESG EN COGNIZANT Liderando el camino AMF1 IA, IoT, cloud PATROCINIOS Pasión
carousel starts
Take the first step
Assurance et ingénierie qualité
ESG
Descubre la importancia del conocimiento para el negocio Entiende cómo y por qué se ha convertido en el principal elemento de la empresa moderna. Más información El éxito del proceso de transformación radica más en la cultura que en la tecnología Manuel Ávalos, responsable del Sur de Europa de Cognizant. Leer más Prepárate para el futuro con la IA Cinco consejos sobre cómo preparar el negocio para el futuro con la IA como motor del éxito. Leer más TO NEXT SECTION Carousal Ends
COMPANY AND CULTURE About us
UTILITIES Application consolidation effort for boosting customer experience Learn more
carousel starts Why application modernization matters Play video carousel ends
AUTOMOTIVE Helping call center agents improve speed and customer satisfaction
Cognizant Insights
Banking and financial services
The rapid evolution of AI necessitates professionals who not only possess existing skills but also have the capacity for continuous learning and adaptation. 
Here are our recommendations to ensure your readiness for the future:
To be future-ready, get AI-ready Business interest in artificial intelligence (AI) has never been higher. But even before generative AI was introduced, organizations were struggling to get the full value out of their AI implementations, according to our analysis of a recent Economist Impact study. Here are five changes businesses should make to succeed with AI.
Assurance Banque Biens de consommation Commodities Trading Communications, médias et technologie Distribution
How manufacturers can balance the sustainability equation
HEALTHCARE
29 of the top 30 global pharma companies
Industrie du pétrole et du gaz
Zone géographique*
Modern operations for the intuitive enterprise Learn more
5  Foster an AI-friendly culture The path to AI-readiness stretches far beyond technological prowess. It demands a cultural metamorphosis that embraces change and dispels misperceptions and fear.  For example, fear  of job displacement and uncertainty can spur doubt regarding the potential of AI, while a limited understanding of AI can also stifle its adoption because of skepticism or a lack of trust in its insights.  Businesses also need a strong cultural foundation to address the complex ethical dilemmas associated with AI, including establishing guidelines and frameworks for responsible AI use, and promoting open discussions and diverse perspectives.  With the following steps, businesses can cultivate an organizational culture prepared for AI success: These companies are effectively tackling cultural challenges in the adoption of AI:
España
Gobierno corporativo
Careers • News • Events • Investors | Worldwide Search Industries Services Insights About About Cognizant Contact Engineering modern business to improve everyday lives Let us help you discover new ways of operating so you can anticipate and act, as if on intuition. The biggest brands people rely on every day—rely on our people every day 345,600 Employees worldwide $19.4B Total revenue #19 Fortune Modern Board 25 View our corporate overview View our corporate fact sheet Over the past 25 years, we’ve built relationships with market-leading companies around the world. 29 of the top 30 global pharma companies 9 of the top 10 European banks 7 of the top 10 internet companies 23 of the top 25 healthcare plans What we do We use expertise that’s been proven and tested around the globe to help you get ahead of challenges, sense opportunities sooner and outpace change. Transform experiences Reach new levels of convenience, elegance and beauty with hyper-personalized experiences that connect faster, generate growth and build brand loyalty. Learn more Reimagine processes Learn how process automation and technology can help your business act with the kind of insight, precision and speed needed in our fast-changing world. Learn more Modernize technology Stay relevant today and ready for tomorrow with software built to learn and deploy massive processing power—all unlocked in the cloud to create value in every byte of data. Learn more Move beyond just running your business by turning it into one that sees the next best action, and then acts as if on intuition—in the moments that matter. Our culture inspires us to live our values Each member of our team takes responsibility for creating a culture that enables exceptional outcomes. What we value We help imagine, build and implement technologies to keep our clients constantly aware and responsive. Learn more What we believe Our social purpose weaves environmental and social considerations into every element of our business model. Learn more Who we are Every day, all around the world, our people engineer impact―with their clients, communities, colleagues and in their own lives. Learn more How we behave We respect everyone’s unique voice and background because we know that diversity helps us thrive, and we benefit from having everyone at the table. Learn more Connect with Cognizant Careers Be part of our journey to make a difference. Join us Contact Let’s start a conversation. Get in touch Investors View prior earnings releases and more. Visit Investor Relations LinkedIn Twitter Facebook Instagram YouTube Sitemap Terms Privacy Notice Cookie Notice ©2023 Cognizant, all rights reserved Industries Automotive Banking Capital Markets Communications, Media & Technology Consumer Goods Education Healthcare Information Services Insurance Life Sciences Manufacturing Oil & Gas Retail Transportation & Logistics Travel & Hospitality Utilities Services Application Services & Modernization Artificial Intelligence Business Process Services Cloud Solutions Core Modernization Digital Experience Digital Strategy Enterprise Platform Services Infrastructure Services Intelligent Process Automation Internet of Things Quality Engineering & Assurance Security Software Product Engineering Sustainability Services Consulting Insights Themes Modern Business Sustainability and Resilience Tech to Watch Research Deep Green Future-Ready Cities The Future of Us The Future-Ready Business Benchmark The Metaverse The Work Ahead Explore Blog Case Studies Insights Podcasts About Cognizant Annual Report Be.Cognizant Board of Directors Client Briefing Program Contact Us Corporate Governance Culture & Values Diversity & Inclusion ESG Leadership Team News & Press Releases Partnerships Public Policy Sponsorships Talent Worldwide Glossary Information for Suppliers Back to top
Cognizant España, Top Employer por sexto año consecutivo
Assurance et ingénierie qualité Automatisation intelligente des processus Data et Intelligence artificielle Développement durable Expérience digitale
AI training services Enable your AI and generative AI models to deliver valuable, ethical and contextually accurate results. Learn more
Explorer
Utilities
Read the report
Condiciones
Our culture inspires us to live our values Each member of our team takes responsibility for creating a culture that enables exceptional outcomes.
Este sitio está protegido por reCAPTCHA y se aplican la  política de privacidad y los términos de servicio  de Google.
345,600 Employees worldwide
Tech to watch
Tech To Watch CRISPR gene editing has arrived. Here’s what that means The world’s first medical treatment using the CRISPR gene-editing tool has won a... Read more Tech To Watch Neurotech: productivity booster or brain-snatcher? Many uses of ‘brain wearables’ risk overreach, even when intentions say otherwis... Read more Tech To Watch What the US executive order says about the future of AI The US signals intent to join other world players with broad AI regulation. Read more Tech To Watch The trouble when AI chatbots act too human The technology’s increasing sophistication, and potential danger, has led to cal... Read more
Featured work
>15% revenue increase per transaction 600% faster claims processing $900M cost savings 50% faster time to market 50% faster ordering processes
SAP Digital Migrez vers SAP S/4HANA pour devenir une entreprise intelligente, du back-end au front-end. Assurance et Ingénierie Qualité Réinventez l'assurance qualité en utilisant une approche globale basée sur un écosystème doté de processus d'assurance qualité intelligents et automatisés.
Education
Talent Worldwide
What we value
Contact Let’s start a conversation. Get in touch
How we behave We respect everyone’s unique voice and background because we know that diversity helps us thrive, and we benefit from having everyone at the table.
RECOGNITION An Everest PEAK Matrix® Enterprise QA Leader 2022 Cognizant ranks ahead of 32 providers as a Leader in Everest Group’s PEAK Matrix® Assessment for creating prominent market impact in Enterprise QA services. Read the report
We’re here to offer you practical and unique solutions to today’s most pressing technology challenges. Across industries and markets, get inspired today for success tomorrow.
Les professionnelles de la tech
The world’s first medical treatment using the CRISPR gene-editing tool has won approval. The implications are enormous.
3  Invest in AI talent Many businesses are struggling to find AI talent, including machine learning, natural language processing and computer vision, as well as soft skills like creativity and problem-solving. Those that do find it are often forced to pay top dollar.  The rapid evolution of AI necessitates professionals who not only possess existing skills but also have the capacity for continuous learning and adaptation.  Retaining these professionals proves to be equally arduous. Talented AI professionals are constantly courted by new and exciting opportunities. Source: Google Source: World Economic Forum Overcoming these challenges requires a multi-faceted approach to acquire and nurture AI talent, ensuring a strong workforce capable of driving innovation and achieving AI excellence: Here’s how three companies are working to overcome AI talent challenges:
Get answers to your questions
Imaginez une entreprise capable d’agir avec la perspicacité humaine Développez l’intuition dans votre entreprise. En savoir plus Lancez votre transformation d’entreprise Profitez d'un savant mélange de réflexion audacieuse et de savoir-faire pratique avec les Services de conseil de Cognizant. En savoir plus Réinventer le monde du travail L’IA générative transformera fondamentalement les entreprises et les modes d’exécution du travail. En savoir plus TO NEXT SECTION Carousal Ends
Parrainages
Neurotech: productivity booster or brain-snatcher?
Get ahead faster
La presencia de Cognizant en la lista de Forbes subraya nuestra excelencia en el desarrollo de soluciones para todas las industrias. 
Carousel starts TRAVEL & HOSPITALITY Papa John's delivers customer delight and increases revenue by 15% per order Revising the customer experience process with an intelligent order management system for retail and consumer goods resulted in gains in CX and sales. Learn more LIFE SCIENCES Read how Siemens Healthineers transformed CX across the globe An end-to-end CX transformation helped Siemens reimagine customer service and cut license costs by 30%. Learn more HEALTHCARE Intelligent automation spurs 600% faster claims processing Adding 2,000 IPA bots and an automation center of excellence for collaboration helped an insurer save $40M annually and boost capacity by 43M+ claims per year. Learn more Carousel ends
ESG EN COGNIZANT
Get five recommendations on how to build future-readiness into your enterprise, with AI as a driving force of your success.
Tech To Watch What the US executive order says about the future of AI The US signals intent to join other world players with broad AI regulation. Read more
Engineering modern business to improve everyday lives
Foster an AI-friendly culture
Temas
Santé
Deep Green: a new breed of business Learn how the sustainability imperative is changing the way businesses show up—with regulators, investors, customers and planet earth. Find out more
ENTREPRISE ET BUREAUX
Even before generative AI came along, AI adoption was growing. In a recent study by Economist Impact, AI and machine learning (ML) were among the top six technologies respondents had already adopted or planned to adopt in their quest to be future-ready (see Figure 1). Cognizant partnered with Economist Impact on the study—which surveyed 2,000 global executives across industries—as part of our ongoing work to define what it takes to be future-ready and how close businesses are to reaching a future-ready state. (For the full study, see “Ready for anything: what it means to be a modern business.”)  In our analysis of the data, nearly seven in 10 named AI/ML as a top investment area, indicating their belief that it‘s essential for doing business effectively today.
IA y Analytics
Transformación digital ágil y a escala Ver vídeo carousel ends
Banque
These companies are effectively tackling cultural challenges in the adoption of AI:
As the transformative power of AI becomes increasingly evident, forward-thinking companies are recognizing that AI is not just a buzzword but a strategic tool that holds the key to unlocking innovation, efficiency and growth. The question is how to harness AI to get the full value out of this powerful technology. Here are our recommendations to ensure your readiness for the future:
Secteurs d'activité
Plan du site Conditions Avis de confidentialité Politique relative aux cookies ©2023 Cognizant, tous droits réservés
Zone géographique* Amérique du Nord Amérique du Sud Europe Moyen-Orient Asie-Pacifique Inde
Obtenez les réponses à vos questions Nos clients font appel à nous pour les aider à repenser leur utilisation des technologies. Nom* E-mail* Entreprise* Numéro de téléphone* Zone géographique* Amérique du Nord Amérique du Sud Europe Moyen-Orient Asie-Pacifique Inde Objet de la requête* Alumni Carrière Investisseur Médias Partenaires Demande de services Votre message Envoyer Ce site est protégé par reCAPTCHA et la Politique de confidentialité et les Conditions d'utilisation de Google s'appliquent.
Get your business future-ready with industry-aligned IT and process automation solutions.
Imaginez une entreprise capable d’agir avec la perspicacité humaine Développez l’intuition dans votre entreprise. En savoir plus
Estrategia digital
Join us
Ingeniería y garantía de calidad
AI training services Enable your AI and generative AI models to deliver valuable, ethical and contextually accurate results. Learn more Cognizant Neuro® Business Processes Simplify and accelerate automation adoption, integrate and orchestrate resources and see returns faster. Learn more Omnichannel customer care Deliver the intuitive experiences customers demand. Learn more Business ops to accelerate scale Grow digitally native scale-ups and new revenue streams at the speed of ideas. Learn more Finance & accounting Generate new business value from finance and accounting. Learn more Healthcare Understand the new playbook for growth: driving intuitive experiences, game-changing efficiency and innovation. Learn more Life sciences Accelerate insights and customer-centric innovation; increase efficiency. Learn more Banking and financial services Generate growth as you drive intuitive experiences, unparalleled efficiency and innovation. Learn more Intelligent automation services Get your business future-ready with industry-aligned IT and process automation solutions. Learn more Healthcare BPaaS Improve health plan operations with pre-integrated technology solutions, proven processes and intelligent automation. Learn more Marketing operations Increase speed, efficiency and insights; get better marketing ROI. Learn more Employee experience enterprise services Find out how you can deliver persona-based employee experiences at scale. Learn more
Digital Experience Digital Strategy Enterprise Application Services Infrastructure Services Intelligent Process Automation
Programa de sesiones informativas para clientes
Hit play on business transformation Take advantage of our unique combination of bold thinking and practical know-how powered by Cognizant consulting services. Learn more
Reinventing the world of work
Source:
Cognizant Suisse
Únete a nosotros • Noticias • Inversores | Worldwide Search España Industrias Servicios Ideas Acerca de Carousal Starts Descubre la importancia del conocimiento para el negocio Entiende cómo y por qué se ha convertido en el principal elemento de la empresa moderna. Más información El éxito del proceso de transformación radica más en la cultura que en la tecnología Manuel Ávalos, responsable del Sur de Europa de Cognizant. Leer más TO NEXT SECTION Carousal Ends Cognizant ayuda a las compañías a modernizar su tecnología, rediseñar procesos y transformar experiencias para ir un paso por delante en un mundo en continuo cambio. carousel starts Transformación digital ágil y a escala Ver vídeo carousel ends Cognizant España Descubre cómo Cognizant crea tu empresa moderna. COMPAÑÍA Y CULTURA Conócenos ESG EN COGNIZANT Liderando el camino AMF1 IA, IoT, cloud PATROCINIOS Pasión CONOCE A NUESTROS EXPERTOS Servicios Coe Banca y Temenos Cubrimos todas las actividades del ciclo de vida del software, desde la gestión del proyecto, análisis, diseño, desarrollo, pruebas y despliegue. IA y Analytics Nuestras soluciones en la nube, big data o de análisis predictivo para convertir la información en conocimiento te ayudarán en la toma de mejores decisiones. Digital Experience Nuestros expertos vinculan los datos al diseño, los sistemas a las historias y el conocimiento a los resultados para crear experiencias únicas. Excelencia Apostamos por la excelencia contratando y asociándonos con los mejores del sector. DISTINCIÓN Una de las mejores consultoras de EE.UU La presencia de Cognizant en la lista de Forbes subraya nuestra excelencia en el desarrollo de soluciones para todas las industrias.  Leer más INFORME Cognizant, líder en el ecosistema Salesforce Cognizant se posiciona como líder  del ecosistema de socios de Salesforce en los mercados de EE.UU. Reino Unido, Alemania y Francia en el informe de 2023 de ISG Provider Lens™. Leer informe RECONOCIMIENTO Una de las compañías más innovadoras de América Fortune y Statista nos otorgan este reconocimiento por nuestra innovación de producto, innovación de proceso y cultura de la innovación.  Leer más Impulsa tu carrera. Únete a nosotros Blog Jan 18, 2023 Cognizant España, Top Employer por sexto año consecutivo Leer más Dec 16, 2022 Cognizant premia al CIO del año en los CIO Awards 2022 Leer más Oct 10, 2022 El análisis de datos ayuda a tomar mejores decisiones y a ganar en la F1 Leer más Ver más Consigue respuestas a tu preguntas Nuestros clientes acuden a nosotros para que les ayudemos a repensar nuevas formas de trabajar con la tecnología. Nombre* Correo electrónico* Empresa* Teléfono de contacto* Región* Norteamérica Sudamérica Europa Oriente Medio APAC India Tipo de consulta* Alumni Buscadores de empleo Relaciones con inversores Medios Socios Petición de servicios Mensaje Enviar Este sitio está protegido por reCAPTCHA y se aplican la  política de privacidad y los términos de servicio  de Google. LinkedIn Twitter Facebook Instagram YouTube Mapa del sitio Condiciones Aviso de privacidad Aviso de cookies Estado de información no financiera ©2023 Cognizant, todos los derechos reservados Industrias Automoción Banca Bienes de consumo Comunicaciones, medios y tecnología Educación Fabricación Industria farmacéutica Mercados de capitales Petróleo y gas Retail Sector sanitario Seguros Servicios de información Transporte y logística Utilities Viajes y alojamientos Servicios Automatización inteligente de procesos Estrategia digital Experiencia digital Ingeniería de producto de software Ingeniería y garantía de calidad Inteligencia artificial Internet de las cosas Modernización de sistemas core Modernización y servicios de aplicaciones Seguridad Servicios de aplicación empresarial Servicios de infraestructura Servicios de procesos de negocio Servicios de sostenibilidad Soluciones cloud Consultoría Ideas Temas La empresa moderna Sostenibilidad y resiliencia Tech to watch Informe Ciudades preparadas para el futuro Deep Green El metaverso Herramienta de evaluación comparativa preparado para el futuro The Future of Us The Work Ahead Explora Blog Casos prácticos Ideas Podcasts Acerca de Cognizant Be.Cognizant Consejo de Administración Contactar Cultura y valores Diversidad e inclusión Equipo directivo ESG Gobierno corporativo Informe anual Patrocinios Política corporativa Programa de sesiones informativas para clientes Sala de prensa Socios Talento Glosario Información para proveedores Back to top
We use expertise that’s been proven and tested around the globe to help you get ahead of challenges, sense opportunities sooner and outpace change.
Seguros Servicios de información Transporte y logística Utilities Viajes y alojamientos
Cognizant named a "Leader" in Salesforce ecosystem
ACCOLADE Cognizant named a "Leader" in Salesforce ecosystem Cognizant is positioned as a 'Leader' in the ISG Provider Lens™ - Salesforce Ecosystem Partners 2023 Report across the US, UK, Germany, and France markets. Read the report
Employee experience enterprise services Find out how you can deliver persona-based employee experiences at scale. Learn more
Latest thinking Carousel starts PERSPECTIVES Achieving escape velocity when moving business-critical mainframe apps to the cloud To meet its growth objectives and customers’ rising expectations, Venerable needed to modernize a core application with 1980s roots. To get there, it created a technology ecosystem of partners that pivoted around Amazon Web Services to quickly up its cloud migration game. Learn more WHITEPAPERS Industrializing zero application maintenance By applying a rigorous and automated approach to supporting applications, IT organizations can reduce spending, increase repair accuracy, minimize application debt across the portfolio, free up resources for more strategic business imperatives and improve application yield to deliver enhanced business outcomes.  Learn more WHITEPAPERS Pitfalls & challenges faced during a microservices architecture implementation Microservices are the de facto design approach for building digital applications. Learn more Carousel ends
Enablers
COMMUNICATIONS Standardized billing boosts efficiency Learn more
faster ordering processes
Numéro de téléphone*
MIT Sloan Management Review
Investisseurs
LinkedIn Twitter Facebook Instagram YouTube Sitemap Terms Privacy Notice Cookie Notice ©2023 Cognizant, all rights reserved Industries Automotive Banking Capital Markets Communications, Media & Technology Consumer Goods Education Healthcare Information Services Insurance Life Sciences Manufacturing Oil & Gas Retail Transportation & Logistics Travel & Hospitality Utilities Services Application Services & Modernization Artificial Intelligence Business Process Services Cloud Solutions Core Modernization Digital Experience Digital Strategy Enterprise Application Services Infrastructure Services Intelligent Process Automation Internet of Things Quality Engineering & Assurance Security Software Product Engineering Sustainability Services Consulting Insights Themes Modern Business Sustainability and Resilience Tech to Watch Research Deep Green The Future of Us The Future-Ready Business Benchmark The Green Rush The Metaverse The Work Ahead Explore Blog Case Studies Insights Podcasts About Cognizant Annual Report Be.Cognizant Board of Directors Client Briefing Program Contact Us Corporate Governance Culture & Values Diversity & Inclusion ESG Leadership Team News & Press Releases Partnerships Public Policy Sponsorships Talent Worldwide Glossary Information for Suppliers
Neurotech: productivity booster or brain-snatcher? 11.16.2023 Many uses of ‘brain wearables’ risk overreach, even when intentions say otherwise. Read more
Modernize data infrastructure
Prêt pour l’IA, prêt pour demain Nos 5 conseils pour faire avancer votre entreprise dans la bonne direction avec l’IA comme moteur. En savoir plus
AI-powered future
Tipo de consulta* Alumni Buscadores de empleo Relaciones con inversores Medios Socios Petición de servicios
L’IA générative transformera fondamentalement les entreprises et les modes d’exécution du travail.
Information Services
Increase speed, efficiency and insights; get better marketing ROI.
Sector sanitario
Enterprise Platform Services
Cognizant AppLens Cognizant Lifecycle Engineering Acceleration Platform Cognizant Modernization Acceleration Platform Cognizant Business Outcomes & Experience Dashboard
Contact Number*
Industrializing zero application maintenance
Industries Services Insights About
Consigue respuestas a tu preguntas Nuestros clientes acuden a nosotros para que les ayudemos a repensar nuevas formas de trabajar con la tecnología.
Finance & accounting
Digital Experience Nuestros expertos vinculan los datos al diseño, los sistemas a las historias y el conocimiento a los resultados para crear experiencias únicas.
Terms
Data modernization is the key to effectively managing and leveraging data assets, paving the way for AI-driven insights and transformative decision-making.
These industry use cases demonstrate the power of modernization efforts in unlocking improved outcomes, driving innovation and gaining a competitive edge in the AI-powered digital landscape:
Terms of Service
Sostenibilidad y resiliencia
Nom*
UTILITIES Uniper accélère son processus décisionnel avec la découverte intuitive des données
Engineering applications for modern businesses Accelerate modernization with software and platform-driven solutions. Facing a new normal, today’s enterprises must modernize their business, fuel innovation and become more agile. That may require compressing years of change into months. At Cognizant, our application modernization services help you achieve agility for an increasingly digital world. Integrate a combination of accelerators, platforms and strategic partners to modernize core business applications. The result: An enterprise that’s ready for whatever the new normal has in store for you.
Search
Bienes de consumo
Be part of our journey to make a difference.
BLOG Cognizant Benelux blog COMPANY AND CULTURE About us MANUFACTURING Barry Callebaut empowers HR to give 13,000+ employees a voice MANUFACTURING Etex migrated large SAP workloads to Azure
Investor Relations
Réinventer le monde du travail L’IA générative transformera fondamentalement les entreprises et les modes d’exécution du travail. En savoir plus
Many businesses face the daunting challenges of inaccurate, incomplete and inconsistent data. Low-quality data threatens to sabotage the performance of AI models, resulting in wasted resources and missed opportunities.
South America
BLOG Cognizant Benelux blog
Services
Cognizant Suisse Découvrez comment Cognizant modernise les entreprises
GENERATIVE AI IN PRACTICE How we’re applying generative AI today We are partnering with visionary businesses to radically improve business operations through innovation and a new level of human and machine collaboration. AUTOMOTIVE Helping call center agents improve speed and customer satisfaction MARKET RESEARCH Automating media- and brand- intelligence for increased sales
Carousal Starts Imagine a business that can act with human insight Make your business more intuitive. Get ahead faster Reinventing the world of work Generative AI will drive dramatic change across the enterprise and transform how work gets done. Learn how Hit play on business transformation Take advantage of our unique combination of bold thinking and practical know-how powered by Cognizant consulting services. Learn more Deep Green: a new breed of business Learn how the sustainability imperative is changing the way businesses show up—with regulators, investors, customers and planet earth. Find out more TO NEXT SECTION Carousal Ends
Engineering excellence
Take a look inside our Amsterdam Digital Studio Play video
Data modernization
Politique de confidentialité
Facing a new normal, today’s enterprises must modernize their business, fuel innovation and become more agile. That may require compressing years of change into months.
Ready for anything: what it means to be a modern business.
Instagram
Amérique du Nord
Nuestros clientes acuden a nosotros para que les ayudemos a repensar nuevas formas de trabajar con la tecnología.
Excelencia Apostamos por la excelencia contratando y asociándonos con los mejores del sector.
Business outcomes and strong ROI Some of the results we've delivered
Transform experiences Reach new levels of convenience, elegance and beauty with hyper-personalized experiences that connect faster, generate growth and build brand loyalty. Learn more
Read more
Carousal Starts TO NEXT SECTION Carousal Ends
4  Prioritize responsible AI
Renforcer en permanence vos connaissances techniques, votre capacité à résoudre des problèmes et votre esprit d’entreprise. Rejoignez Cognizant, et aidez-nous à changer le quotidien de tous.
Nombre* Correo electrónico* Empresa* Teléfono de contacto* Región* Norteamérica Sudamérica Europa Oriente Medio APAC India Tipo de consulta* Alumni Buscadores de empleo Relaciones con inversores Medios Socios Petición de servicios Mensaje Enviar
Offerings Drive digital CX and business outcomes We engineer applications for modern businesses. We help organizations deliver maximum digital value and unleash an unbeatable competitive advantage by leveraging modern software engineering principles, homegrown platforms, deep industry expertise and strategic partnership networks. Enterprise application development    Application modernization     Application management
Board of Directors
Let's collaborate and harness the exciting potential of new technologies, data and human ingenuity, so your organization can embrace the AI-powered future and reap the benefits, faster.
Let us help you discover new ways of operating so you can anticipate and act, as if on intuition.
What we believe
Reimagine processes Learn how process automation and technology can help your business act with the kind of insight, precision and speed needed in our fast-changing world. Learn more
LinkedIn Twitter Facebook Instagram YouTube
Twitter
À propos de Cognizant Actualités et communiqués de presse Be.Cognizant Client Briefing Program Conseil d’admin. Culture et valeurs Diversité et inclusion Équipe de direction ESG Gouvernance Nous contacter Parrainages Partenariats Politique publique Rapport annuel Talents dans le monde Glossaire Informations pour les fournisseurs
Politique publique
Carousal Starts Imagine a business that can act with human insight Make your business more intuitive. Get ahead faster Reinventing the world of work Generative AI will drive dramatic change across the enterprise and transform how work gets done. Learn how Hit play on business transformation Take advantage of our unique combination of bold thinking and practical know-how powered by Cognizant consulting services. Learn more Deep Green: a new breed of business Learn how the sustainability imperative is changing the way businesses show up—with regulators, investors, customers and planet earth. Find out more TO NEXT SECTION Carousal Ends Cognizant helps companies modernize technology, reimagine processes and transform experiences so they stay ahead in a fast-changing world. Drive your career forward. Fast. Browse job listings Cognizant Belgium See how Cognizant engineers your modern business. BLOG Cognizant Benelux blog COMPANY AND CULTURE About us MANUFACTURING Barry Callebaut empowers HR to give 13,000+ employees a voice MANUFACTURING Etex migrated large SAP workloads to Azure Future-ready means AI-ready Get five recommendations on how to build future-readiness into your enterprise, with AI as a driving force of your success. Explore the intel Engineering excellence We deliver excellence by hiring and partnering with the best in the business. RECOGNITION An Everest PEAK Matrix® DX Leader 2022 Cognizant's Digital Interactive Experience recognized as having a strong vision for the future of experience and the expertise to bring it to life. Read the report ACCOLADE Cognizant named a "Leader" in Salesforce ecosystem Cognizant is positioned as a 'Leader' in the ISG Provider Lens™ - Salesforce Ecosystem Partners 2023 Report across the US, UK, Germany, and France markets. Read the report RECOGNITION An Everest PEAK Matrix® Enterprise QA Leader 2022 Cognizant ranks ahead of 32 providers as a Leader in Everest Group’s PEAK Matrix® Assessment for creating prominent market impact in Enterprise QA services. Read the report carousel starts Take a look inside our Amsterdam Digital Studio Play video carousel ends News Nov 23, 2023 Cognizant selected by Alm. Brand Group to enable automation services Read more Nov 02, 2023 COGNIZANT REPORTS THIRD QUARTER 2023 RESULTS Read more Oct 31, 2023 Cognizant Launches Synapse Initiative to Provide Job Training to One Million Individuals Around the Globe Read more See all Cognizant news Get answers to your questions Our clients turn to us to help them reimagine ways of working with technology. Name* Email* Organization* Contact Number* Region* North America South America Europe Middle East APAC India Inquiry Type* Alumni Career Seekers Investor Relations Media Partners Request for Services Message Submit This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
  For more, visit the Tech to Watch section of our website or contact us.
Offerings
Email*
technologies
Related posts
Request for Services
Stay relevant today and ready for tomorrow with software built to learn and deploy massive processing power—all unlocked in the cloud to create value in every byte of data.
Votre message
Reinventing the world of work Generative AI will drive dramatic change across the enterprise and transform how work gets done. Learn how
Name* Email* Organization* Contact Number* Region* North America South America Europe Middle East APAC India Inquiry Type* Alumni Career Seekers Investor Relations Media Partners Request for Services
GENERATIVE AI IN PRACTICE
carousel ends
términos de servicio
Información para proveedores
Find out more
About us
Research Deep Green Future-Ready Cities The Future of Us The Future-Ready Business Benchmark The Metaverse The Work Ahead
Coe Banca y Temenos Cubrimos todas las actividades del ciclo de vida del software, desde la gestión del proyecto, análisis, diseño, desarrollo, pruebas y despliegue. IA y Analytics Nuestras soluciones en la nube, big data o de análisis predictivo para convertir la información en conocimiento te ayudarán en la toma de mejores decisiones. Digital Experience Nuestros expertos vinculan los datos al diseño, los sistemas a las historias y el conocimiento a los resultados para crear experiencias únicas.
política de privacidad
Grow digitally native scale-ups and new revenue streams at the speed of ideas.
Oct 10, 2022 El análisis de datos ayuda a tomar mejores decisiones y a ganar en la F1 Leer más
Lire le rapport
Conseil d’admin.
Carousal Starts Imaginez une entreprise capable d’agir avec la perspicacité humaine En savoir plus Lancez votre transformation d’entreprise Profitez d'un savant mélange de réflexion audacieuse et de savoir-faire pratique avec les Services de conseil de Cognizant. En savoir plus Réinventer le monde du travail L’IA générative transformera fondamentalement les entreprises et les modes d’exécution du travail. En savoir plus TO NEXT SECTION Carousal Ends
Carousel starts Thriving in the new era of AI To explore performance imperatives for an era of pervasive AI, Cognizant spoke to business leaders and subject matter specialists about four areas experiencing tectonic shifts: organization and people, experimentation for innovation and new revenue streams, partnership ecosystems and operations. Learn more Generative AI and the future of work: what businesses need to know Generative AI will change how we work by acting behind the scenes to pull together all aspects of the business and provide a unified access point for consumers and employees alike. Learn more How gen AI is reimagining and remaking the modern contact center Generative AI allows companies to quickly build, deploy, and scale AI powered customer services. Companies can maximize the benefits of AI while reducing costs associated with managing their digital presence. This makes it easier for them to stay competitive in today's digital marketplace without incurring high costs. Read more Carousel ends
Carousel starts Cognizant Business Process Services wins 15 Brandon Hall awards We are excited to announce that Cognizant Business Process Services’ Learning and Development team has once again garnered 15 awards across eight distinct categories at the prestigious Brandon Hall Group HCM Excellence Awards 2023. Learn more Carousel ends
Suisse Secteurs d'activité Services Insights À propos
Migrez vers SAP S/4HANA pour devenir une entreprise intelligente, du back-end au front-end.
Carousel ends
Explore Blog Case Studies Insights Podcasts
Servicios de información
Explora Blog Casos prácticos Ideas Podcasts
Carousal Starts TO NEXT SECTION Carousal Ends Cognizant ayuda a las compañías a modernizar su tecnología, rediseñar procesos y transformar experiencias para ir un paso por delante en un mundo en continuo cambio. carousel starts Transformación digital ágil y a escala Ver vídeo carousel ends Cognizant España Descubre cómo Cognizant crea tu empresa moderna. COMPAÑÍA Y CULTURA Conócenos ESG EN COGNIZANT Liderando el camino AMF1 IA, IoT, cloud PATROCINIOS Pasión CONOCE A NUESTROS EXPERTOS Servicios Coe Banca y Temenos Cubrimos todas las actividades del ciclo de vida del software, desde la gestión del proyecto, análisis, diseño, desarrollo, pruebas y despliegue. IA y Analytics Nuestras soluciones en la nube, big data o de análisis predictivo para convertir la información en conocimiento te ayudarán en la toma de mejores decisiones. Digital Experience Nuestros expertos vinculan los datos al diseño, los sistemas a las historias y el conocimiento a los resultados para crear experiencias únicas. Excelencia Apostamos por la excelencia contratando y asociándonos con los mejores del sector. DISTINCIÓN Una de las mejores consultoras de EE.UU La presencia de Cognizant en la lista de Forbes subraya nuestra excelencia en el desarrollo de soluciones para todas las industrias.  Leer más INFORME Cognizant, líder en el ecosistema Salesforce Cognizant se posiciona como líder  del ecosistema de socios de Salesforce en los mercados de EE.UU. Reino Unido, Alemania y Francia en el informe de 2023 de ISG Provider Lens™. Leer informe RECONOCIMIENTO Una de las compañías más innovadoras de América Fortune y Statista nos otorgan este reconocimiento por nuestra innovación de producto, innovación de proceso y cultura de la innovación.  Leer más Impulsa tu carrera. Únete a nosotros Blog Jan 18, 2023 Cognizant España, Top Employer por sexto año consecutivo Leer más Dec 16, 2022 Cognizant premia al CIO del año en los CIO Awards 2022 Leer más Oct 10, 2022 El análisis de datos ayuda a tomar mejores decisiones y a ganar en la F1 Leer más Ver más Consigue respuestas a tu preguntas Nuestros clientes acuden a nosotros para que les ayudemos a repensar nuevas formas de trabajar con la tecnología. Nombre* Correo electrónico* Empresa* Teléfono de contacto* Región* Norteamérica Sudamérica Europa Oriente Medio APAC India Tipo de consulta* Alumni Buscadores de empleo Relaciones con inversores Medios Socios Petición de servicios Mensaje Enviar Este sitio está protegido por reCAPTCHA y se aplican la  política de privacidad y los términos de servicio  de Google.
Faites progresser votre carrière et le monde dans lequel nous vivons Renforcer en permanence vos connaissances techniques, votre capacité à résoudre des problèmes et votre esprit d’entreprise. Rejoignez Cognizant, et aidez-nous à changer le quotidien de tous. Parcourir les offres d'emploi
Découvrez comment Cognizant modernise les entreprises
Healthcare Understand the new playbook for growth: driving intuitive experiences, game-changing efficiency and innovation. Learn more
Our culture inspires us to live our values Each member of our team takes responsibility for creating a culture that enables exceptional outcomes. What we value We help imagine, build and implement technologies to keep our clients constantly aware and responsive. Learn more What we believe Our social purpose weaves environmental and social considerations into every element of our business model. Learn more Who we are Every day, all around the world, our people engineer impact―with their clients, communities, colleagues and in their own lives. Learn more How we behave We respect everyone’s unique voice and background because we know that diversity helps us thrive, and we benefit from having everyone at the table. Learn more
Annual Report Be.Cognizant Board of Directors Client Briefing Program Contact Us Corporate Governance Culture & Values Diversity & Inclusion ESG Leadership Team News & Press Releases Partnerships Public Policy Sponsorships Talent Worldwide
Automoción Banca Bienes de consumo Comunicaciones, medios y tecnología Educación Fabricación
The following ebook reveals six key imperatives that cities can embrace to become future-ready:
Generative AI will change how we work by acting behind the scenes to pull together all aspects of the business and provide a unified access point for consumers and employees alike.
From biased algorithms to privacy concerns, companies find themselves facing a new frontier of ethical dilemmas, from how to ensure AI systems are fair and unbiased, to preventing them from being used for harmful purposes, to ensuring they are transparent and accountable. Failure to address biased algorithms, privacy infringements and ethical decision-making by autonomous systems can unleash a torrent of consequences. Embracing the ethical dimensions of AI is not an option—it is an imperative. Source: MIT Sloan Management Review
To be future-ready, get AI-ready
Dec 16, 2022 Cognizant premia al CIO del año en los CIO Awards 2022 Leer más
SAP Digital Migrez vers SAP S/4HANA pour devenir une entreprise intelligente, du back-end au front-end.
Join our team
For years, cities have pursued a “smart city” label. And with the increasingly widespread availability of 5G, the smart city is more of a reality than ever before.
Ingeniería de producto de software
Our social purpose weaves environmental and social considerations into every element of our business model.
Consejo de Administración
What we do
WHITEPAPERS Pitfalls & challenges faced during a microservices architecture implementation Microservices are the de facto design approach for building digital applications. Learn more
Leer más
Services d'infrastructure IT
Nuestras soluciones en la nube, big data o de análisis predictivo para convertir la información en conocimiento te ayudarán en la toma de mejores decisiones.
DISTINCIÓN Una de las mejores consultoras de EE.UU La presencia de Cognizant en la lista de Forbes subraya nuestra excelencia en el desarrollo de soluciones para todas las industrias.  Leer más
Annual Report
Profitez d'un savant mélange de réflexion audacieuse et de savoir-faire pratique avec les Services de conseil de Cognizant.
Expérience digitale
Automotive Banking Capital Markets Communications, Media & Technology Consumer Goods Education Healthcare Information Services Insurance Life Sciences Manufacturing Oil & Gas Retail Transportation & Logistics Travel & Hospitality Utilities
DISTINCTION « Leader » du classement PEAK Matrix® Enterprise QA 2022 En tant que « Leader » de l'évaluation PEAK Matrix® d'Everest Group, Cognizant devance 32 fournisseurs pour son impact sur le marché des services d'assurance qualité d'entreprise. Lire le rapport
The path to AI-readiness stretches far beyond technological prowess. It demands a cultural metamorphosis that embraces change and dispels misperceptions and fear. 
About Cognizant Annual Report Be.Cognizant Board of Directors Client Briefing Program Contact Us Corporate Governance Culture & Values Diversity & Inclusion ESG Leadership Team News & Press Releases Partnerships Public Policy Sponsorships Talent Worldwide Glossary Information for Suppliers
Éducation
Oriente Medio
Prêt pour l’IA, prêt pour demain
Actualités
What we value We help imagine, build and implement technologies to keep our clients constantly aware and responsive.
Cognizant Business Process Services wins 15 Brandon Hall awards
Patrocinios
Développement durable
EXPERTISE APPROFONDIE Services SAP Digital Migrez vers SAP S/4HANA pour devenir une entreprise intelligente, du back-end au front-end. Assurance et Ingénierie Qualité Réinventez l'assurance qualité en utilisant une approche globale basée sur un écosystème doté de processus d'assurance qualité intelligents et automatisés.
Crucial steps toward eliminating violence against women 11.22.2023 Cognizant supports the UN’s International Day for the Elimination of Violence Against Women. Read more
ACCOLADE
MARKET RESEARCH
Thriving in the new era of AI To explore performance imperatives for an era of pervasive AI, Cognizant spoke to business leaders and subject matter specialists about four areas experiencing tectonic shifts: organization and people, experimentation for innovation and new revenue streams, partnership ecosystems and operations. Learn more
Youtube
CRISPR gene editing has arrived. Here’s what that means 11.23.2023
COMPANY AND CULTURE
These recommendations will help businesses build an agile and resilient IT infrastructure that safely and securely supports the computational intensity and vast data volumes needed for AI:
Application Services & Modernization Artificial Intelligence Business Process Services Cloud Solutions Core Modernization Digital Experience Digital Strategy Enterprise Platform Services Infrastructure Services Intelligent Process Automation Internet of Things Quality Engineering & Assurance Security Software Product Engineering Sustainability Services
Oct 31, 2023
Reimagine processes
contact us
3 
Tourisme et hôtellerie
Experiencia digital
What we do We use expertise that’s been proven and tested around the globe to help you get ahead of challenges, sense opportunities sooner and outpace change. Transform experiences Reach new levels of convenience, elegance and beauty with hyper-personalized experiences that connect faster, generate growth and build brand loyalty. Learn more Reimagine processes Learn how process automation and technology can help your business act with the kind of insight, precision and speed needed in our fast-changing world. Learn more Modernize technology Stay relevant today and ready for tomorrow with software built to learn and deploy massive processing power—all unlocked in the cloud to create value in every byte of data. Learn more
Recherche
MANUFACTURING Barry Callebaut empowers HR to give 13,000+ employees a voice
Learn more
Automatización inteligente de procesos Estrategia digital Experiencia digital Ingeniería de producto de software Ingeniería y garantía de calidad Inteligencia artificial Internet de las cosas Modernización de sistemas core Modernización y servicios de aplicaciones Seguridad Servicios de aplicación empresarial Servicios de infraestructura Servicios de procesos de negocio Servicios de sostenibilidad Soluciones cloud
April 26, 2023
Culture et valeurs
What we believe Our social purpose weaves environmental and social considerations into every element of our business model. Learn more
Business intuition to supercharge performance
Industria farmacéutica
Partners
Media
Acerca de Cognizant Be.Cognizant Consejo de Administración Contactar Cultura y valores Diversidad e inclusión Equipo directivo ESG Gobierno corporativo Informe anual Patrocinios Política corporativa Programa de sesiones informativas para clientes Sala de prensa Socios Talento Glosario Información para proveedores
Many businesses are struggling to find AI talent, including machine learning, natural language processing and computer vision, as well as soft skills like creativity and problem-solving. Those that do find it are often forced to pay top dollar. 
India
Pitfalls & challenges faced during a microservices architecture implementation
Cognizant parmi les entreprises américaines les plus innovantes
Banking
Banking and financial services Generate growth as you drive intuitive experiences, unparalleled efficiency and innovation. Learn more
Thriving in the new era of AI To explore performance imperatives for an era of pervasive AI, Cognizant spoke to business leaders and subject matter specialists about four areas experiencing tectonic shifts: organization and people, experimentation for innovation and new revenue streams, partnership ecosystems and operations. Learn more Generative AI and the future of work: what businesses need to know Generative AI will change how we work by acting behind the scenes to pull together all aspects of the business and provide a unified access point for consumers and employees alike. Learn more How gen AI is reimagining and remaking the modern contact center Generative AI allows companies to quickly build, deploy, and scale AI powered customer services. Companies can maximize the benefits of AI while reducing costs associated with managing their digital presence. This makes it easier for them to stay competitive in today's digital marketplace without incurring high costs. Read more
How we behave We respect everyone’s unique voice and background because we know that diversity helps us thrive, and we benefit from having everyone at the table. Learn more
Research
Our solutions help businesses get ahead and stay ahead.
Achieving escape velocity when moving business-critical mainframe apps to the cloud
Tech To Watch The trouble when AI chatbots act too human The technology’s increasing sophistication, and potential danger, has led to cal...
Conócenos
Excelencia Apostamos por la excelencia contratando y asociándonos con los mejores del sector. DISTINCIÓN Una de las mejores consultoras de EE.UU La presencia de Cognizant en la lista de Forbes subraya nuestra excelencia en el desarrollo de soluciones para todas las industrias.  Leer más INFORME Cognizant, líder en el ecosistema Salesforce Cognizant se posiciona como líder  del ecosistema de socios de Salesforce en los mercados de EE.UU. Reino Unido, Alemania y Francia en el informe de 2023 de ISG Provider Lens™. Leer informe RECONOCIMIENTO Una de las compañías más innovadoras de América Fortune y Statista nos otorgan este reconocimiento por nuestra innovación de producto, innovación de proceso y cultura de la innovación.  Leer más
About Cognizant Contact Engineering modern business to improve everyday lives Let us help you discover new ways of operating so you can anticipate and act, as if on intuition. The biggest brands people rely on every day—rely on our people every day 345,600 Employees worldwide $19.4B Total revenue #19 Fortune Modern Board 25 View our corporate overview View our corporate fact sheet Over the past 25 years, we’ve built relationships with market-leading companies around the world. 29 of the top 30 global pharma companies 9 of the top 10 European banks 7 of the top 10 internet companies 23 of the top 25 healthcare plans What we do We use expertise that’s been proven and tested around the globe to help you get ahead of challenges, sense opportunities sooner and outpace change. Transform experiences Reach new levels of convenience, elegance and beauty with hyper-personalized experiences that connect faster, generate growth and build brand loyalty. Learn more Reimagine processes Learn how process automation and technology can help your business act with the kind of insight, precision and speed needed in our fast-changing world. Learn more Modernize technology Stay relevant today and ready for tomorrow with software built to learn and deploy massive processing power—all unlocked in the cloud to create value in every byte of data. Learn more Move beyond just running your business by turning it into one that sees the next best action, and then acts as if on intuition—in the moments that matter. Our culture inspires us to live our values Each member of our team takes responsibility for creating a culture that enables exceptional outcomes. What we value We help imagine, build and implement technologies to keep our clients constantly aware and responsive. Learn more What we believe Our social purpose weaves environmental and social considerations into every element of our business model. Learn more Who we are Every day, all around the world, our people engineer impact―with their clients, communities, colleagues and in their own lives. Learn more How we behave We respect everyone’s unique voice and background because we know that diversity helps us thrive, and we benefit from having everyone at the table. Learn more Connect with Cognizant Careers Be part of our journey to make a difference. Join us Contact Let’s start a conversation. Get in touch Investors View prior earnings releases and more. Visit Investor Relations
Tech To Watch What the US executive order says about the future of AI The US signals intent to join other world players with broad AI regulation.
Deep Green
Who we are Every day, all around the world, our people engineer impact―with their clients, communities, colleagues and in their own lives. Learn more
Cultura y valores
Services de processus métiers
Let’s focus on connection in Native American Heritage Month 11.21.2023 Social and workplace connections are strongest when we value diversity and authenticity and ensure all voices are heard. Read more
Cas clients
Imagine a business that can act with human insight Make your business more intuitive. Get ahead faster Reinventing the world of work Generative AI will drive dramatic change across the enterprise and transform how work gets done. Learn how Hit play on business transformation Take advantage of our unique combination of bold thinking and practical know-how powered by Cognizant consulting services. Learn more Deep Green: a new breed of business Learn how the sustainability imperative is changing the way businesses show up—with regulators, investors, customers and planet earth. Find out more TO NEXT SECTION
Commodities Trading
MARKET RESEARCH Automating media- and brand- intelligence for increased sales
Carousel starts INSURANCE Insurer boosts revenue with faster quote-to-buy process Learn more UTILITIES Application consolidation effort for boosting customer experience Learn more COMMUNICATIONS Standardized billing boosts efficiency Learn more Carousel ends
Drive digital CX and business outcomes
April 26, 2023 What it will take to build the city of the future A future-ready city needs to be not just ‘smart’ but also resilient. Our research reveals six imperatives for cities to fulfill their future-ready vision. Visit our Tech to Watch webpage For years, cities have pursued a “smart city” label. And with the increasingly widespread availability of 5G, the smart city is more of a reality than ever before. But the terminology needs an update. In addition to gaining “more smarts,” cities need to be future-ready—and that goes beyond technology adoption. Becoming a future-ready city requires building the foundation to be resilient in the face of both predictable and unpredictable challenges and adapting to fast-changing social and economic situations. A recent research study conducted by ThoughtLab and co-sponsored by Cognizant, we found the city of the future will need not just 5G and a range of other technologies—it will also require strong ecosystems of local governments, infrastructure providers and integrators, as well as sophisticated data management capabilities. The study also found that today, both of these elements are lacking, and survey respondents are feeling the brunt of these shortcomings. The following ebook reveals six key imperatives that cities can embrace to become future-ready:   For more, visit the Tech to Watch section of our website or contact us. Cognizant Insights We’re here to offer you practical and unique solutions to today’s most pressing technology challenges. Across industries and markets, get inspired today for success tomorrow. Twitter LinkedIn Latest posts How manufacturers can balance the sustainability equation 11.27.2023 Our recent study reveals three challenges for manufacturers to overcome as they pursue a more sustainable way to operate and produce goods. Read more CRISPR gene editing has arrived. Here’s what that means 11.23.2023 The world’s first medical treatment using the CRISPR gene-editing tool has won approval. The implications are enormous. Read more Crucial steps toward eliminating violence against women 11.22.2023 Cognizant supports the UN’s International Day for the Elimination of Violence Against Women. Read more Let’s focus on connection in Native American Heritage Month 11.21.2023 Social and workplace connections are strongest when we value diversity and authenticity and ensure all voices are heard. Read more Neurotech: productivity booster or brain-snatcher? 11.16.2023 Many uses of ‘brain wearables’ risk overreach, even when intentions say otherwise. Read more
Generative AI allows companies to quickly build, deploy, and scale AI powered customer services. Companies can maximize the benefits of AI while reducing costs associated with managing their digital presence. This makes it easier for them to stay competitive in today's digital marketplace without incurring high costs.
English
As AI adoption grows, organizations must confront a critical challenge: their outdated and rigid IT infrastructure. Legacy systems, with their integration complexities and lack of standardized APIs, struggle to keep pace with the computational demands and real-time data processing requirements of AI.
Source: Google Source: World Economic Forum
Cognizant Lifecycle Engineering Acceleration Platform
Neurotech: productivity booster or brain-snatcher? 11.16.2023
Carrières
Secteurs d'activité Assurance Banque Biens de consommation Commodities Trading Communications, médias et technologie Distribution Éducation Industrie Industrie automobile Industrie du pétrole et du gaz Information Life sciences Marchés de capitaux Santé Tourisme et hôtellerie Transport et logistique Utilities Services Assurance et ingénierie qualité Automatisation intelligente des processus Data et Intelligence artificielle Développement durable Expérience digitale Ingénierie de produits logiciels IoT Modernisation des infrastructures et applications de base Sécurité Services d'applications d'entreprise Services d'infrastructure IT Services de processus métiers Services et modernisation des applications Solutions cloud Stratégie digitale Consulting Insights Focus Développement durable et résilience Modern business Tech to watch Recherche Deep Green Le métavers The Future of Us The Future-Ready Business Benchmark The Green Rush The Work Ahead Explorer Blog Cas clients Insights Podcasts À propos de Cognizant Actualités et communiqués de presse Be.Cognizant Client Briefing Program Conseil d’admin. Culture et valeurs Diversité et inclusion Équipe de direction ESG Gouvernance Nous contacter Parrainages Partenariats Politique publique Rapport annuel Talents dans le monde Glossaire Informations pour les fournisseurs
Tech To Watch The trouble when AI chatbots act too human The technology’s increasing sophistication, and potential danger, has led to cal... Read more
Enterprise application development
Carousal Starts Descubre la importancia del conocimiento para el negocio Entiende cómo y por qué se ha convertido en el principal elemento de la empresa moderna. Más información El éxito del proceso de transformación radica más en la cultura que en la tecnología Manuel Ávalos, responsable del Sur de Europa de Cognizant. Leer más Prepárate para el futuro con la IA Cinco consejos sobre cómo preparar el negocio para el futuro con la IA como motor del éxito. Leer más TO NEXT SECTION Carousal Ends Cognizant ayuda a las compañías a modernizar su tecnología, rediseñar procesos y transformar experiencias para ir un paso por delante en un mundo en continuo cambio. carousel starts Transformación digital ágil y a escala Ver vídeo carousel ends Cognizant España Descubre cómo Cognizant crea tu empresa moderna. COMPAÑÍA Y CULTURA Conócenos ESG EN COGNIZANT Liderando el camino AMF1 IA, IoT, cloud PATROCINIOS Pasión CONOCE A NUESTROS EXPERTOS Servicios Coe Banca y Temenos Cubrimos todas las actividades del ciclo de vida del software, desde la gestión del proyecto, análisis, diseño, desarrollo, pruebas y despliegue. IA y Analytics Nuestras soluciones en la nube, big data o de análisis predictivo para convertir la información en conocimiento te ayudarán en la toma de mejores decisiones. Digital Experience Nuestros expertos vinculan los datos al diseño, los sistemas a las historias y el conocimiento a los resultados para crear experiencias únicas. Excelencia Apostamos por la excelencia contratando y asociándonos con los mejores del sector. DISTINCIÓN Una de las mejores consultoras de EE.UU La presencia de Cognizant en la lista de Forbes subraya nuestra excelencia en el desarrollo de soluciones para todas las industrias.  Leer más INFORME Cognizant, líder en el ecosistema Salesforce Cognizant se posiciona como líder  del ecosistema de socios de Salesforce en los mercados de EE.UU. Reino Unido, Alemania y Francia en el informe de 2023 de ISG Provider Lens™. Leer informe RECONOCIMIENTO Una de las compañías más innovadoras de América Fortune y Statista nos otorgan este reconocimiento por nuestra innovación de producto, innovación de proceso y cultura de la innovación.  Leer más Impulsa tu carrera. Únete a nosotros Blog Jan 18, 2023 Cognizant España, Top Employer por sexto año consecutivo Leer más Dec 16, 2022 Cognizant premia al CIO del año en los CIO Awards 2022 Leer más Oct 10, 2022 El análisis de datos ayuda a tomar mejores decisiones y a ganar en la F1 Leer más Ver más Consigue respuestas a tu preguntas Nuestros clientes acuden a nosotros para que les ayudemos a repensar nuevas formas de trabajar con la tecnología. Nombre* Correo electrónico* Empresa* Teléfono de contacto* Región* Norteamérica Sudamérica Europa Oriente Medio APAC India Tipo de consulta* Alumni Buscadores de empleo Relaciones con inversores Medios Socios Petición de servicios Mensaje Enviar Este sitio está protegido por reCAPTCHA y se aplican la  política de privacidad y los términos de servicio  de Google.
Mensaje Enviar
Seguros
Generative AI and the future of work: what businesses need to know
E-mail*
Region* North America South America Europe Middle East APAC India
Oct 10, 2022
Featured work Carousel starts INSURANCE Insurer boosts revenue with faster quote-to-buy process Learn more UTILITIES Application consolidation effort for boosting customer experience Learn more COMMUNICATIONS Standardized billing boosts efficiency Learn more Carousel ends
Q : To what extent are the technologies you've adopted delivering strategic value to your operations? (Percent of respondents saying significant value)
Prioritize responsible AI
INSURANCE Insurer boosts revenue with faster quote-to-buy process Learn more UTILITIES Application consolidation effort for boosting customer experience Learn more COMMUNICATIONS Standardized billing boosts efficiency Learn more
Our partners We form partnerships and strategic alliances with world-class organizations to expand our service offerings and deliver comprehensive solutions to clients. Strategic alliances with the world’s leading companies enable us to provide complete solutions to your business and IT challenges.
Research Deep Green The Future of Us The Future-Ready Business Benchmark The Green Rush The Metaverse The Work Ahead
#19 Fortune Modern Board 25
©2023 Cognizant, all rights reserved
Fabricación
Connect with Cognizant Careers Be part of our journey to make a difference. Join us Contact Let’s start a conversation. Get in touch Investors View prior earnings releases and more. Visit Investor Relations
Nov 23, 2023
Business interest in artificial intelligence (AI) has never been higher. But even before generative AI was introduced, organizations were struggling to get the full value out of their AI implementations, according to our analysis of a recent Economist Impact study. Here are five changes businesses should make to succeed with AI.
Blog Jan 18, 2023 Cognizant España, Top Employer por sexto año consecutivo Leer más Dec 16, 2022 Cognizant premia al CIO del año en los CIO Awards 2022 Leer más Oct 10, 2022 El análisis de datos ayuda a tomar mejores decisiones y a ganar en la F1 Leer más Ver más
Fortune y Statista nos otorgan este reconocimiento por nuestra innovación de producto, innovación de proceso y cultura de la innovación. 
Suisse
 section of our website or 
Services Business Process Services
Mastering the five elements to be AI-ready Drawing on our analysis and experience, we have crafted five recommendations that enable traditional enterprises to proactively embrace AI. These recommendations center on orchestrating AI within a broader ecosystem encompassing data, technology, talent, responsible AI practices and organizational culture. By integrating these elements, enterprises can pave the way for a future in which AI becomes a driving force of their success.
Glossary
Life Sciences
Industries
How gen AI is reimagining and remaking the modern contact center
Envoyer
Nombre* Correo electrónico* Empresa* Teléfono de contacto* Región* Norteamérica Sudamérica Europa Oriente Medio APAC India Tipo de consulta* Alumni Buscadores de empleo Relaciones con inversores Medios Socios Petición de servicios
Case Studies
Automatización inteligente de procesos Estrategia digital Experiencia digital Ingeniería de producto de software Ingeniería y garantía de calidad
Every day, all around the world, our people engineer impact―with their clients, communities, colleagues and in their own lives.
But the terminology needs an update. In addition to gaining “more smarts,” cities need to be future-ready—and that goes beyond technology adoption. Becoming a future-ready city requires building the foundation to be resilient in the face of both predictable and unpredictable challenges and adapting to fast-changing social and economic situations.
A recent research study conducted by ThoughtLab and co-sponsored by Cognizant, we found the city of the future will need not just 5G and a range of other technologies—it will also require strong ecosystems of local governments, infrastructure providers and integrators, as well as sophisticated data management capabilities.
La empresa moderna
Imagine a business that can act with human insight Make your business more intuitive. Get ahead faster
Why application modernization matters
Take a look inside our Amsterdam Digital Studio Play video carousel ends
IA y Analytics Nuestras soluciones en la nube, big data o de análisis predictivo para convertir la información en conocimiento te ayudarán en la toma de mejores decisiones.
Consigue respuestas a tu preguntas
En tant que « Leader » de l'évaluation PEAK Matrix® d'Everest Group, Cognizant devance 32 fournisseurs pour son impact sur le marché des services d'assurance qualité d'entreprise.
AUTOMOTIVE
4 
What it will take to build the city of the future  April 26, 2023 What it will take to build the city of the future A future-ready city needs to be not just ‘smart’ but also resilient. Our research reveals six imperatives for cities to fulfill their future-ready vision. Visit our Tech to Watch webpage For years, cities have pursued a “smart city” label. And with the increasingly widespread availability of 5G, the smart city is more of a reality than ever before. But the terminology needs an update. In addition to gaining “more smarts,” cities need to be future-ready—and that goes beyond technology adoption. Becoming a future-ready city requires building the foundation to be resilient in the face of both predictable and unpredictable challenges and adapting to fast-changing social and economic situations. A recent research study conducted by ThoughtLab and co-sponsored by Cognizant, we found the city of the future will need not just 5G and a range of other technologies—it will also require strong ecosystems of local governments, infrastructure providers and integrators, as well as sophisticated data management capabilities. The study also found that today, both of these elements are lacking, and survey respondents are feeling the brunt of these shortcomings. The following ebook reveals six key imperatives that cities can embrace to become future-ready:   For more, visit the Tech to Watch section of our website or contact us. Cognizant Insights We’re here to offer you practical and unique solutions to today’s most pressing technology challenges. Across industries and markets, get inspired today for success tomorrow. Twitter LinkedIn Latest posts How manufacturers can balance the sustainability equation 11.27.2023 Our recent study reveals three challenges for manufacturers to overcome as they pursue a more sustainable way to operate and produce goods. Read more CRISPR gene editing has arrived. Here’s what that means 11.23.2023 The world’s first medical treatment using the CRISPR gene-editing tool has won approval. The implications are enormous. Read more Crucial steps toward eliminating violence against women 11.22.2023 Cognizant supports the UN’s International Day for the Elimination of Violence Against Women. Read more Let’s focus on connection in Native American Heritage Month 11.21.2023 Social and workplace connections are strongest when we value diversity and authenticity and ensure all voices are heard. Read more Neurotech: productivity booster or brain-snatcher? 11.16.2023 Many uses of ‘brain wearables’ risk overreach, even when intentions say otherwise. Read more Related posts Tech To Watch CRISPR gene editing has arrived. Here’s what that means The world’s first medical treatment using the CRISPR gene-editing tool has won a... Read more Tech To Watch Neurotech: productivity booster or brain-snatcher? Many uses of ‘brain wearables’ risk overreach, even when intentions say otherwis... Read more Tech To Watch What the US executive order says about the future of AI The US signals intent to join other world players with broad AI regulation. Read more Tech To Watch The trouble when AI chatbots act too human The technology’s increasing sophistication, and potential danger, has led to cal... Read more See more
Petróleo y gas
adapting to fast-changing social and economic situations
Careers
Carrière
Éducation Industrie Industrie automobile Industrie du pétrole et du gaz Information Life sciences
How manufacturers can balance the sustainability equation 11.27.2023
Cognizant Insights We’re here to offer you practical and unique solutions to today’s most pressing technology challenges. Across industries and markets, get inspired today for success tomorrow. Twitter LinkedIn Latest posts How manufacturers can balance the sustainability equation 11.27.2023 Our recent study reveals three challenges for manufacturers to overcome as they pursue a more sustainable way to operate and produce goods. Read more CRISPR gene editing has arrived. Here’s what that means 11.23.2023 The world’s first medical treatment using the CRISPR gene-editing tool has won approval. The implications are enormous. Read more Crucial steps toward eliminating violence against women 11.22.2023 Cognizant supports the UN’s International Day for the Elimination of Violence Against Women. Read more Let’s focus on connection in Native American Heritage Month 11.21.2023 Social and workplace connections are strongest when we value diversity and authenticity and ensure all voices are heard. Read more Neurotech: productivity booster or brain-snatcher? 11.16.2023 Many uses of ‘brain wearables’ risk overreach, even when intentions say otherwise. Read more
Twitter LinkedIn
50% faster time to market
Drawing on our analysis and experience, we have crafted five recommendations that enable traditional enterprises to proactively embrace AI. These recommendations center on orchestrating AI within a broader ecosystem encompassing data, technology, talent, responsible AI practices and organizational culture. By integrating these elements, enterprises can pave the way for a future in which AI becomes a driving force of their success.
$900M cost savings
Ce site est protégé par reCAPTCHA et la Politique de confidentialité et les Conditions d'utilisation de Google s'appliquent.
Adding 2,000 IPA bots and an automation center of excellence for collaboration helped an insurer save $40M annually and boost capacity by 43M+ claims per year.
PERSPECTIVES Achieving escape velocity when moving business-critical mainframe apps to the cloud To meet its growth objectives and customers’ rising expectations, Venerable needed to modernize a core application with 1980s roots. To get there, it created a technology ecosystem of partners that pivoted around Amazon Web Services to quickly up its cloud migration game. Learn more
Descubre la importancia del conocimiento para el negocio Entiende cómo y por qué se ha convertido en el principal elemento de la empresa moderna. Más información
29 of the top 30 global pharma companies 9 of the top 10 European banks 7 of the top 10 internet companies 23 of the top 25 healthcare plans
Français
Future-ready means AI-ready
We are excited to announce that Cognizant Business Process Services’ Learning and Development team has once again garnered 15 awards across eight distinct categories at the prestigious Brandon Hall Group HCM Excellence Awards 2023.
Let’s start a conversation.
Oct 31, 2023 Cognizant Launches Synapse Initiative to Provide Job Training to One Million Individuals Around the Globe Read more
Culture & Values
Crucial steps toward eliminating violence against women 11.22.2023
Servicios de aplicación empresarial Servicios de infraestructura Servicios de procesos de negocio Servicios de sostenibilidad Soluciones cloud
Our partners
Who we are Every day, all around the world, our people engineer impact―with their clients, communities, colleagues and in their own lives.
À PROPOS
Drive your career forward. Fast.
See more
Generate new business value from finance and accounting.
Accelerate modernization with software and platform-driven solutions.
RECONOCIMIENTO
Related posts Tech To Watch CRISPR gene editing has arrived. Here’s what that means The world’s first medical treatment using the CRISPR gene-editing tool has won a... Read more Tech To Watch Neurotech: productivity booster or brain-snatcher? Many uses of ‘brain wearables’ risk overreach, even when intentions say otherwis... Read more Tech To Watch What the US executive order says about the future of AI The US signals intent to join other world players with broad AI regulation. Read more Tech To Watch The trouble when AI chatbots act too human The technology’s increasing sophistication, and potential danger, has led to cal... Read more See more
Revising the customer experience process with an intelligent order management system for retail and consumer goods resulted in gains in CX and sales.
Diversidad e inclusión
Uniper accélère son processus décisionnel avec la découverte intuitive des données
Consultoría
LinkedIn Twitter Facebook Instagram YouTube Sitemap Terms Privacy Notice Cookie Notice ©2023 Cognizant, all rights reserved
Temas La empresa moderna Sostenibilidad y resiliencia Tech to watch Informe Ciudades preparadas para el futuro Deep Green El metaverso Herramienta de evaluación comparativa preparado para el futuro The Future of Us The Work Ahead Explora Blog Casos prácticos Ideas Podcasts
The Metaverse
SAP Digital
Overview
What we value We help imagine, build and implement technologies to keep our clients constantly aware and responsive. Learn more
Tipo de consulta*
COMMUNICATIONS
Secteurs d'activité Assurance Banque Biens de consommation Commodities Trading Communications, médias et technologie Distribution Éducation Industrie Industrie automobile Industrie du pétrole et du gaz Information Life sciences Marchés de capitaux Santé Tourisme et hôtellerie Transport et logistique Utilities Services Assurance et ingénierie qualité Automatisation intelligente des processus Data et Intelligence artificielle Développement durable Expérience digitale Ingénierie de produits logiciels IoT Modernisation des infrastructures et applications de base Sécurité Services d'applications d'entreprise Services d'infrastructure IT Services de processus métiers Services et modernisation des applications Solutions cloud Stratégie digitale Consulting Insights Focus Développement durable et résilience Modern business Tech to watch Recherche Deep Green Le métavers The Future of Us The Future-Ready Business Benchmark The Green Rush The Work Ahead Explorer Blog Cas clients Insights Podcasts
Standardized billing boosts efficiency
>15% revenue increase per transaction
To discuss game-changing returns for your business with Business Process Services and Automation, please fill out the information below and we’ll contact you.
Industrie automobile
Get answers to your questions Our clients turn to us to help them reimagine ways of working with technology.
Contactar
Contact
Name* Email* Organization* Contact Number* Region* North America South America Europe Middle East APAC India Inquiry Type* Alumni Career Seekers Investor Relations Media Partners Request for Services Message Submit
Business ops to accelerate scale
Explore more services
Cognizant helps companies modernize technology, reimagine processes and transform experiences so they stay ahead in a fast-changing world.
Únete a nosotros
Servicios de aplicación empresarial
Equipo directivo
Digital Experience
Cognizant se posiciona como líder  del ecosistema de socios de Salesforce en los mercados de EE.UU. Reino Unido, Alemania y Francia en el informe de 2023 de ISG Provider Lens™.
What we believe Our social purpose weaves environmental and social considerations into every element of our business model.
TO NEXT SECTION
Featured work Our solutions help businesses get ahead and stay ahead.
Cognizant figure parmi les leaders du rapport ISG Provider Lens™ 2023 sur les partenaires de l’écosystème Salesforce sur les marchés américain, britannique, allemand et français.
Ingénierie de produits logiciels IoT Modernisation des infrastructures et applications de base Sécurité Services d'applications d'entreprise
Ever since generative artificial intelligence entered the business conversation late last year, it’s become impossible to separate the idea of being “future-ready” from adopting AI. With this powerful technology, businesses can attain the speed, agility and accurate decision-making they need to compete in today’s fast-changing environment.
Transformación digital ágil y a escala
Cognizant España Descubre cómo Cognizant crea tu empresa moderna.
Take advantage of our unique combination of bold thinking and practical know-how powered by Cognizant consulting services.
Automoción Banca Bienes de consumo Comunicaciones, medios y tecnología Educación Fabricación Industria farmacéutica Mercados de capitales Petróleo y gas Retail Sector sanitario Seguros Servicios de información Transporte y logística Utilities Viajes y alojamientos
CRISPR gene editing has arrived. Here’s what that means
Blog
Understand the new playbook for growth: driving intuitive experiences, game-changing efficiency and innovation.
Cognizant Belgium See how Cognizant engineers your modern business.
Explore
Latest thinking
Modernize faster with a strong development toolchain
Explora
Nos bureaux
Cognizant Business Outcomes & Experience Dashboard
ASSURANCE La transformation numérique des centres de contacts réduit la DMT de 25 %
Inquiry Type* Alumni Career Seekers Investor Relations Media Partners Request for Services
Worldwide
Petición de servicios
Faites progresser votre carrière et le monde dans lequel nous vivons
5 
Assurance
Cognizant supports the UN’s International Day for the Elimination of Violence Against Women.
Carousal Starts Imaginez une entreprise capable d’agir avec la perspicacité humaine Développez l’intuition dans votre entreprise. En savoir plus Lancez votre transformation d’entreprise Profitez d'un savant mélange de réflexion audacieuse et de savoir-faire pratique avec les Services de conseil de Cognizant. En savoir plus Réinventer le monde du travail L’IA générative transformera fondamentalement les entreprises et les modes d’exécution du travail. En savoir plus TO NEXT SECTION Carousal Ends
Introduction
Votre message Envoyer
345,600
Ever since generative artificial intelligence entered the business conversation late last year, it’s become impossible to separate the idea of being “future-ready” from adopting AI. With this powerful technology, businesses can attain the speed, agility and accurate decision-making they need to compete in today’s fast-changing environment. Even before generative AI came along, AI adoption was growing. In a recent study by Economist Impact, AI and machine learning (ML) were among the top six technologies respondents had already adopted or planned to adopt in their quest to be future-ready (see Figure 1). Cognizant partnered with Economist Impact on the study—which surveyed 2,000 global executives across industries—as part of our ongoing work to define what it takes to be future-ready and how close businesses are to reaching a future-ready state. (For the full study, see “Ready for anything: what it means to be a modern business.”)  In our analysis of the data, nearly seven in 10 named AI/ML as a top investment area, indicating their belief that it‘s essential for doing business effectively today.
$19.4B Total revenue
Take a look inside our Amsterdam Digital Studio
Modernize faster with a strong development toolchain Our technology enablers help your business drive relevance and increase application lifetime, achieve a “first time right” design methodology and unify your modernization strategy and execution.
Themes Modern Business Sustainability and Resilience Tech to Watch Research Deep Green Future-Ready Cities The Future of Us The Future-Ready Business Benchmark The Metaverse The Work Ahead Explore Blog Case Studies Insights Podcasts
Medios
PATROCINIOS Pasión
Noticias
Europe
Life sciences
Modernisation des infrastructures et applications de base
Many uses of ‘brain wearables’ risk overreach, even when intentions say otherwise.
cost savings
How do digitally native businesses uniquely address change?
Inquiry Type*
Obtenez les réponses à vos questions Nos clients font appel à nous pour les aider à repenser leur utilisation des technologies.
As a business operations partner to some of the largest digital pioneers in the world, we operate at the frontier of the new. We combine our distinctive expertise in powering modern operating models with industry depth and our leadership in process and IT automation to help your business transform operations, stay relevant and thrive.
Relaciones con inversores
Solutions cloud
HFS ranks Cognizant #1 overall provider for Application Modernization Services Recognized as top provider overall across execution, innovation, HFS OneOffice™ alignment and voice of the customer. Learn more
Events
DISTINCTION Cognizant reconnu « Leader » de l’écosystème Salesforce Cognizant figure parmi les leaders du rapport ISG Provider Lens™ 2023 sur les partenaires de l’écosystème Salesforce sur les marchés américain, britannique, allemand et français. Lire le rapport
Message Submit
Businesses should view these ethical challenges as catalysts for growth rather than obstacles. By taking a firm stance on responsible AI, companies can lead the way toward a safe and secure future. Here are the essential steps that organizations can take to forge a powerful alliance with AI:
Una de las compañías más innovadoras de América
Move beyond just running your business by turning it into one that sees the next best action, and then acts as if on intuition—in the moments that matter.
The study also found that today, both of these elements are lacking, and survey respondents are feeling the brunt of these shortcomings.
Find out how you can deliver persona-based employee experiences at scale.
>15%
Here are the essential elements involved in modernizing the data infrastructure that fuels the AI endeavors of forward-thinking companies:
Hit play on business transformation
Servicios de procesos de negocio
The Work Ahead
Transform experiences
carousel starts Transformación digital ágil y a escala Ver vídeo carousel ends
English Careers • News • Investors | Worldwide Search
Introduction Ever since generative artificial intelligence entered the business conversation late last year, it’s become impossible to separate the idea of being “future-ready” from adopting AI. With this powerful technology, businesses can attain the speed, agility and accurate decision-making they need to compete in today’s fast-changing environment. Even before generative AI came along, AI adoption was growing. In a recent study by Economist Impact, AI and machine learning (ML) were among the top six technologies respondents had already adopted or planned to adopt in their quest to be future-ready (see Figure 1). Cognizant partnered with Economist Impact on the study—which surveyed 2,000 global executives across industries—as part of our ongoing work to define what it takes to be future-ready and how close businesses are to reaching a future-ready state. (For the full study, see “Ready for anything: what it means to be a modern business.”)  In our analysis of the data, nearly seven in 10 named AI/ML as a top investment area, indicating their belief that it‘s essential for doing business effectively today.
Politique relative aux cookies
Conditions d'utilisation
Automoción
Français Carrières • Actualités • Investisseurs | Nos bureaux Search Suisse Secteurs d'activité Services Insights À propos Carousal Starts Imaginez une entreprise capable d’agir avec la perspicacité humaine Développez l’intuition dans votre entreprise. En savoir plus Lancez votre transformation d’entreprise Profitez d'un savant mélange de réflexion audacieuse et de savoir-faire pratique avec les Services de conseil de Cognizant. En savoir plus TO NEXT SECTION Carousal Ends Cognizant aide les entreprises à moderniser leurs technologies, repenser leurs processus et transformer leurs expériences pour rester à la pointe dans un monde en constante évolution. Prêt pour l’IA, prêt pour demain Nos 5 conseils pour faire avancer votre entreprise dans la bonne direction avec l’IA comme moteur. En savoir plus Cognizant Suisse Découvrez comment Cognizant modernise les entreprises ENTREPRISE ET BUREAUX À propos de Cognizant ASSURANCE La transformation numérique des centres de contacts réduit la DMT de 25 % UTILITIES Uniper accélère son processus décisionnel avec la découverte intuitive des données À PROPOS Les professionnelles de la tech EXPERTISE APPROFONDIE Services SAP Digital Migrez vers SAP S/4HANA pour devenir une entreprise intelligente, du back-end au front-end. Assurance et Ingénierie Qualité Réinventez l'assurance qualité en utilisant une approche globale basée sur un écosystème doté de processus d'assurance qualité intelligents et automatisés. Viser l’excellence Nous offrons des services hors pair grâce à notre politique de recrutement et de partenariats avec les experts du secteur. DISTINCTION Cognizant parmi les entreprises américaines les plus innovantes Nous sommes reconnus pour notre culture d’innovation, notre innovation en matière de processus et notre innovation produit par Fortune et Statista, Inc.  En savoir plus DISTINCTION Cognizant reconnu « Leader » de l’écosystème Salesforce Cognizant figure parmi les leaders du rapport ISG Provider Lens™ 2023 sur les partenaires de l’écosystème Salesforce sur les marchés américain, britannique, allemand et français. Lire le rapport DISTINCTION « Leader » du classement PEAK Matrix® Enterprise QA 2022 En tant que « Leader » de l'évaluation PEAK Matrix® d'Everest Group, Cognizant devance 32 fournisseurs pour son impact sur le marché des services d'assurance qualité d'entreprise. Lire le rapport Faites progresser votre carrière et le monde dans lequel nous vivons Renforcer en permanence vos connaissances techniques, votre capacité à résoudre des problèmes et votre esprit d’entreprise. Rejoignez Cognizant, et aidez-nous à changer le quotidien de tous. Parcourir les offres d'emploi Obtenez les réponses à vos questions Nos clients font appel à nous pour les aider à repenser leur utilisation des technologies. Nom* E-mail* Entreprise* Numéro de téléphone* Zone géographique* Amérique du Nord Amérique du Sud Europe Moyen-Orient Asie-Pacifique Inde Objet de la requête* Alumni Carrière Investisseur Médias Partenaires Demande de services Votre message Envoyer Ce site est protégé par reCAPTCHA et la Politique de confidentialité et les Conditions d'utilisation de Google s'appliquent. LinkedIn Twitter Facebook Instagram Youtube Plan du site Conditions Avis de confidentialité Politique relative aux cookies ©2023 Cognizant, tous droits réservés Secteurs d'activité Assurance Banque Biens de consommation Commodities Trading Communications, médias et technologie Distribution Éducation Industrie Industrie automobile Industrie du pétrole et du gaz Information Life sciences Marchés de capitaux Santé Tourisme et hôtellerie Transport et logistique Utilities Services Assurance et ingénierie qualité Automatisation intelligente des processus Data et Intelligence artificielle Développement durable Expérience digitale Ingénierie de produits logiciels IoT Modernisation des infrastructures et applications de base Sécurité Services d'applications d'entreprise Services d'infrastructure IT Services de processus métiers Services et modernisation des applications Solutions cloud Stratégie digitale Consulting Insights Focus Développement durable et résilience Modern business Tech to watch Recherche Deep Green Le métavers The Future of Us The Future-Ready Business Benchmark The Green Rush The Work Ahead Explorer Blog Cas clients Insights Podcasts À propos de Cognizant Actualités et communiqués de presse Be.Cognizant Client Briefing Program Conseil d’admin. Culture et valeurs Diversité et inclusion Équipe de direction ESG Gouvernance Nous contacter Parrainages Partenariats Politique publique Rapport annuel Talents dans le monde Glossaire Informations pour les fournisseurs Back to top
El metaverso
Overview Featured work Offerings Enablers Latest thinking Our partners Contact us
Source: World Economic Forum
Cognizant selected by Alm. Brand Group to enable automation services
Excelencia
Featured work Our solutions help businesses get ahead and stay ahead. Carousel starts TRAVEL & HOSPITALITY Papa John's delivers customer delight and increases revenue by 15% per order Revising the customer experience process with an intelligent order management system for retail and consumer goods resulted in gains in CX and sales. Learn more LIFE SCIENCES Read how Siemens Healthineers transformed CX across the globe An end-to-end CX transformation helped Siemens reimagine customer service and cut license costs by 30%. Learn more HEALTHCARE Intelligent automation spurs 600% faster claims processing Adding 2,000 IPA bots and an automation center of excellence for collaboration helped an insurer save $40M annually and boost capacity by 43M+ claims per year. Learn more Carousel ends
Mapa del sitio
Enviar
Intelligent automation spurs 600% faster claims processing
Français Carrières • Actualités • Investisseurs | Nos bureaux Search Suisse Secteurs d'activité Services Insights À propos
1 
$19.4B
An Everest PEAK Matrix® DX Leader 2022
We help imagine, build and implement technologies to keep our clients constantly aware and responsive.
Más información
Enterprise application development    Application modernization     Application management
Business outcomes and strong ROI
Demande de services
INSURANCE Insurer boosts revenue with faster quote-to-buy process Learn more
Legacy infrastructure also pose a significant security risk. Built on foundations that predate the digital era, these systems were not designed to withstand the sophisticated attacks of today's threat landscape. 
Information for Suppliers
AI is a top-6 most-used technology Q: Which of the following technologies has your business adopted, or plans to adopt?
Modernize technology
